Chapter 51 Awakening Time 3
When the gems encrusted in the temple ceiling broke out of their positions, in the blink of an eye, they began to tremble while emitting invisible pulses that only the strongest out there could feel.
The main point of awakening a person's magical powers would already be within them even before the Awakening and the Magic Gem fused to their structures.
But there were a finite number of different types of Magic Gems, in a sense, types of elemental variations that gave rise to different powers.
During Awakening, the most compatible Gems would be attracted to each person. But one Gem with the 'configuration' 'x' could, theoretically, suit two different people. However, the powers each would have would be different, as their talents might differ, and their future journeys would also be unique.
But at the time of Awakening, there were a finite number of gems, and to choose who they would merge with, these gems would emit pulses and 'sense' back the most compatible ones in the area.
Some would have very little compatibility with all the young people going through the Awakening Ceremony, so they wouldn't even move. But others would find compatible 'hosts' and move to them.
When one of these gems felt the 'response' of its pulse coming from Rory's body, which absorbed it completely without denial, it stopped vibrating for an instant and then flew towards him.
Seeing something approaching him at great speed, Rory clenched his fists in animation, seeing that a gem had chosen him.
For some of these youngsters, the nervousness of this moment was not about the quality of the gem they would receive but about the fact that none of them could be sure that they would receive one!
Every day, someone in Polaris Realm would get up on a platform like the one Rory was on and walk down the stairs of an Awakening Temple without a Magic Gem on their forehead!
This was the saddest event for a person, but it happened daily!
When he saw that little shining 'star' coming towards him, Rory felt immensely happy.
It hit him a moment later, slapping him on the underside of his forehead with a force similar to that of a slap from another child of similar strength to himself.
His eyes closed, and he moved his arms for fear he would lose balance and fall.
Then, as he felt a warm sensation on his forehead, Rory felt as if someone had suddenly flipped the circuit breaker and turned on the light bulb of his world.
He was in darkness but suddenly realized the vibrant world around him!
Rory felt every fraction of mana in his body and strength so impressive that he barely recognized himself. Suddenly, he had gone from being the boy of moments ago to becoming a Junior Apprentice!
Amid this special moment, as he smiled, he felt as if someone was marking his body with something warm, but as he opened his eyes and looked around, he couldn't see anything.
But the feeling was clear, and he soon felt his first Magic Pentagram connecting to his being.
The first Magic Pentagram formed upon Awakening after the successful absorption of a Magic Gem. It was the form of power most compatible with the characteristics of each magician, said to be the indicator of the path to be taken by each person in this world.
It was naturally of the highest quality one could handle, so Rory soon felt the power of his first pentagram, not needing to see it to know that it was Red, as was the case for 99.9% of the people of Polaris Realm.
Feeling it amidst his smile, he noticed the small bright 'star' on his forehead stop glowing and take the shape that would forever define his limits.
While this was happening, Vice and his men were gazing at Rory's forehead, anxious.
However, their expressions immediately changed when that Magic Gem took its true form, and they could see it.
The men who thought Rory would get something normal began to form smiles on their faces while Vicente's eyes opened more significantly.
The hearts of all of them began to beat faster as they saw a beautiful green color on Rory's forehead!
This was a magnificent talent!
First came Red, then Orange, then came Yellow, and only then was it Green!
In other words, Rory's talent was grade 4, above average by Scott Province standards!
As for its shape, it was a dodecahedron.
Some gems took on 3D shapes, featuring different shades and sharp lines. That was the case with Rory's gem, one of the unusual kind!
'Rory's talent and magical form are above average... It seems his father was no ordinary customer.' Vicente immediately connected the dots and understood that his friend had some special origin.
He was probably the bastard of some important man!
When two people of the same talents and equal magical forms reproduced, their children had almost a 100% chance of carrying their talents and magical forms. However, the possibilities multiplied when there was a mixture of magical forms and talents.
One could either inherit the characteristics of the mother or the characteristics only of the father. However, there could be a mixture of the two, and the child inherits the magical form of one and the talent of the other. But not only that, but the fusion of two different forms and talents could also give rise to something new!
 As such, there was the possibility that a couple could generate someone similar to them but also less talented or more talented.
In Rory's case, it did not mean that his magical form and talent were the same as his father's. His biological father could be more or less talented than this bastard child!
Knowing the basics about this, Vicente had no intention of trying to compare the characteristics of Rory's gem with anyone else's. He was just curious about his friend's origin.
In any case, Rory's talents would be good for his family if no one took him away, as had happened to Lauren!
Vicente left his curiosity and good impression of Rory's talents and clenched his fists, afraid that someone in that temple would take his friend by force.
The time of the Awakening came to an end. In that instant, as the youths walked down the platform's stairs, two people walked over towards Rory and another young man, who also had a green gem.
"Boys, we are from the royal family of Seidel. You have above-average talents. Congratulations. Would you like to join the Royal Army?" A woman dressed in military armor asked this while her colleague smiled at these two.
No one else was in this place to observe today's ceremony, so Vicente did not watch someone important to him being kidnapped this time.
The other young man with Green talent immediately accepted the invitation. "Yes! Yes! That's my dream!"
But Rory turned down both Royal Army observers. "I admire the Seidel family and the royal forces. But I do not wish to live as a soldier, so I must reject."



Chapter 52 Not So Problematic
After Rory's words, the two soldiers from Seidel's Royal Army looked at him for a moment, with the young man at their side also watching him, surprised by this response.
Who in their sane state would refuse such an invitation?
The magical path was by no means easy. Having talent was good, but developing one's potential became a hard and painful mission without resources and opportunities.
Obviously, one couldn't tell someone's fate for sure just by choice. But Rory's path would be more difficult, at least for now.
This every one of these people was sure of!
While the young man next to Rory would soon have resources and people to help him, this red-headed boy would have none of it.
"Are you sure about that, kid?" The soldier asked seriously, looking into this young man's brown eyes. "This is a very important decision for your life. You should think before you decide."
The woman then said. "Perhaps you are thinking of joining a sect from outside the kingdom, but don't be so hasty. In Millfall, there are no people from sects or clans, and to reach one of them, you would have to go through many risks.
Moreover, the royal family does not prevent its more talented members from coveting higher positions in other organizations.
We know some talented people can be better nurtured in sects or clans, so even if you join us, you wouldn't be precluded from doing so."
Seidel's royal family would try to keep its members within the army. But the more talented ones had two possible destinations.
One was to become nobles, which could give them access to far more resources than a person alone could get.
This was a good option because, as nobles, some could rise in the local hierarchy. Even if they didn't have great talents, they could have riches as much or more affluent than cultivators several steps stronger than them!
The other alternative was to join an out-of-state sect or clan. In this option, these people would have great freedoms, but for giving up one of their members, the Seidel family would have some guarantees from the sect or clan that took their member.
In a way, they could have earnings as good or even better than if these members decided to stay in the family.
Someone who joined the Royal Army would not necessarily have to be in Seidel forever or have their future restricted to that place.
Maybe Rory didn't know that, so that woman had readily said that.
Rory smiled and said. "I am aware, seniors. But that's not my purpose. I just want to live an uncompromising life. Awakening my powers was amazing, but my greatest ambition is not to reach a high level. I don't see myself becoming a warrior, so I prefer to remain free."
Hearing that, the woman closed her eyes and shook her head negatively, 'What a fool. I hope you won't regret this in the future, boy.'
Fortunately for Rory, Seidel's royal family did not force members into their army. For them, giving up talented people was better than having someone who didn't want to be among them in their group.
In the distant past, the Seidel Kingdom gave way to another state. But given the modus operandi of the former ruling family of the area, which allowed the kidnapping of youths to become members of their army, one day, this force experienced a great catastrophe related to this.
Those who came to take over that force's territory after that were subordinates of such a power, traumatized by the bloodletting generated by a vendetta.
"So that's it..." The man in armor sighed. 'Well, your talent is good, but there are many like you around the kingdom. Maybe you'll make it big in the province, but that's not enough for us to be humiliated by you, boy.'
Talent was crucial in determining how far one could go. But the magical form might or might not help that talent to perform more easily and surpass the average.
As unusual as Rory's magical form was, it was not exceptional, like Lauren's.
Magical forms resembling basic geometric figures were at the first power level. But unique shapes that did not follow a pattern, like the shape of Lauren's gem, were at the last level of power.
In other words, the more different and complex the magical form was, the more extreme one's abilities would be.
Feeling that Rory's powers did not revolutionize the kingdom, those two freed him after his repeated refusals.
Rory continued his way off the platform he was on while those two were already leading the other young man out of there.
"Rory, what did they say?" Vicente asked just after he found his partner and friend again outside the temple.
Rory knew that Vicente should be worried and said. "They were from the royal family. Luckily my magical form isn't as shocking, so they didn't insist so much. I think we'll be fine."
"Really?" Vice sighed upon hearing that.
Recruiting young people with Green talents was normal, and young people around the kingdom didn't always accept offers.
Usually, these talents came from people who already belonged to good families and had higher ambitions. But in other cases, like Rory's, many young people didn't accept because they wanted to take their unusual talents outside the kingdom, where they could go further by joining a sect.
Not everyone had the opportunity to be observed by sect and clan envoys. Still, several knew about the existence of competitions inside and outside the kingdom with entrances for these organizations.
 Many of those who preferred not to join any organization when discovering their talents did so for their ambitions. As long as their powers were not too extreme, hardly anyone would act against them just for the sake of it.
At the end of the day, a promising talent has its potential and danger, but it would still be unknown.
Would it be rational for a grown man to fear a child who might one day grow up and steal his wife?
The answer was an obvious no. But there were cases like this in the world, and in an analogous way, talents could grow up and cause changes in the ruling powers in society. But between one point and the other, there was a long road, one that was tortuous and full of dangers.
Unless a talent were extreme, no people would persecute others, force them into their sects, or the like in these areas.
Vicente knew this and felt relieved to think about what Rory had said, realizing he had worried for nothing.
"Well, congratulations on your talent and magical form, Rory. You'll have a good future if you persevere and have a little luck." He said after a moment, walking with his group back to their carriage.
"We will!" Rory commented as he tapped one of his friend's shoulders.
As the two smiled already near their carriage, suddenly, a strange man walking by commented in a low voice without looking at them. "Aaron sent me. Meet me near the Rain Hotel at dusk. I will give you what he promised."
They looked at that person, but he did not stop to talk to them, soon disappearing amidst the people walking through that part of town.



Chapter 53 Important Information
At dusk, Vice and his group followed the words of the man who had passed them earlier that day, making their way near the Rain Hotel.
This was one of the few hotels in the city, so it had been easy for them to find it after some searching.
When they got there, their group stopped in front of the hotel across the street, where there was a small plaza.
"Where is he?" One of Vicente's young subordinates asked in a low voice, observing the surroundings as they acted as if they were standing still, admiring that beautiful square.
The public lighting in the surroundings was good, with oil lamps around the square, but magic lamps in the surroundings of that well-known local hotel.
Even at night, one could see the candle sight of this square, which was very well cared for, with a beautiful lawn and pruned trees.
Vicente then said. "Stay calm. He will only deliver information to us. It's not something grand to the point where we should be nervous."
Rory was not with them, having stayed behind at the inn they were staying at to familiarize himself with his powers.
After the Awakening, one needed to focus some of their time on meditating and relearning everything about themselves. Otherwise, a magician could risk seriously injuring weaker people by not knowing how to control themselves or their abilities.
When one awakened their powers, they would naturally have a very strong feeling about their new characteristics. But just by focusing some time on themselves and training for at least a few hours, one would come to a good understanding of what they were capable of.
Rory was doing this now, but Vicente and his men had no time to waste and had come to this place without him.
One of them had stayed behind to watch Rory while he was learning more about himself.
"Boss, someone is approaching us." The oldest among Vicente's subordinates said as they spotted a man taking the trash out of dumpsters around that square.
One of those dumpsters was near them, and soon that man approached them, whistling as he seemed to do his job.
"Pretend you are leaving, and when you get to the second dumpster I came from, pretend you will put something in the trash. What you want is there waiting for you." He muttered before picking up the garbage bag and leaving.
Upon hearing this, Vicente's men tried hard not to show a reaction to this man, not understanding the need for him to act so cautiously with them.
But Vice sighed and said. "Let's go. We've seen enough of that part of town."
They stopped watching that man and headed in the direction from where he had approached them.
"Chief, why is he acting like this? We're not from the city. I don't know what kind of danger there could be in them relating to us." One of the young men said.
Vicente then commented in a low voice. "Maybe he is being watched."
Gulp!
"What do we do?" The older of them continued with an ugly expression on his face, but with a sharper look on his face, with one of his hands straining for him to reach for the gun at his waist.
"Keep acting like he said. It's not uncommon for those involved with what shouldn't be to be watched or have to act from that world." Vicente commented. "Maybe this is to protect him. Perhaps this is to help us, or even both.
They don't want to reveal what we intend, or they don't want to connect with us. Sometimes the one who introduces something to someone is as responsible for its emergence as an ally."
"Is that right?"
"Hmmm," Vice muttered. "I'm sick of it. Throw that away." He passed a bag of food to one of those men.
After that, that person quickly tossed it in the trash, deftly exchanging what was inside the bag for the package left there for them.
"So?" Vicente asked as their group returned to the inn where Rory was.
"It looks like it's just papers... There's nothing wrong, boss."
"Perfect. When I get to the inn, I'll analyze that information."
...
After discreetly taking what they wanted, Vicente's group returned to the inn.
For the next few hours, he would not sleep, learning Millfall's division of power.
This city could basically be divided into 5 areas of similar size that covered a large part of the city.
The first of these was Viscount Symons' area of influence in the center of the city. He was supposedly the most powerful man in Millfall.
 Around the center, four equally distributed areas marked the operations of four powers, two from the criminal underworld and two from local noble forces that acted in daylight.
If Vicente and his people decided to act in these areas managed by Barons and the Viscount, he would have problems with the royal forces, or he would have to pay high fees.
If he acted in one of the two underworld power areas of crime, he would have the natural dangers of those living outside the law.
Competing for territory, business, or anything else had risks here or on Earth, so he and his people would have to watch out for these two areas, one further north and one further west of the city.
However, a small fraction of the city had no presence of these groups!
Seeing the local power map, Vicente immediately thought of building his family's headquarters in that area!
'In that location, I won't have to worry about invading the territories of old groups, and I'll be able to camouflage my operations for longer.' He thought to himself, remembering there was some land for sale in that area.
As for the businesses of these groups, he was still in the dark about most of what they provided. But with the information about the areas of influence of each local group, he and his people could find out for themselves.
With that in mind, as it was dawning in Millfall, Vicente finished readjusting some of his plans.
In a few more weeks, I will see my powers awaken. At that time, we can move forward with our plans!'
He thought as he watched the sunrise, clenching his fists as he remembered his mother, Andrew, and Lauren.
Thus, time would pass quickly, and it would soon be time for Vicente to go through the same thing as Rory and learn about his talent and possibilities!



Chapter 54 The Long Awaited Moment
A few weeks later...
Vicente and his group had, in the last few days, bought land in the Millfall area where the territory of influence of the already consolidated local powers was not in.
A few days after they received the house where Vicente intended to bring Nina soon, they received the contracts for the land in question and soon after hired a family of local builders to develop their project.
Now the site was under construction. Still, given the advantages of the world of magic over Earth, complex constructions could be done in a very short time.
In the case in question, Vice wanted a relatively simple property on the surface but with several secret levels and the possibility to be expanded.
Still, they had been given a deadline of less than 20 days for this property to be ready, but some days had passed since then. So, when the Vice group was preparing for their Awakening, everyone was already organizing to go and live in that place for the next few days.
...
At dawn, Vice's group awoke early, and soon they were leaving the Fuller family estate in Millfall.
While Nina was not coming to this town with Eve, by now, the group was living there since Vicente had received the keys and documents of the property weeks ago.
But that would not be the case for long. Once the site of Vicente's mafia family was ready, most of his men would live and operate from that place.
Vicente wanted to avoid trouble from his actions reaching his sister, so he would naturally create a front for his actions.
But for the time being, they had not yet done anything in this city, just begun to prepare the basics without involving anyone outside his group.
So as he left his house this morning, Vicente had no worries about local powers keeping an eye on his movements.
He left his property in the group's carriage alongside Rory and the men who had accompanied them on this trip.
Rory had already stabilized his strength and begun cultivating the mana in his body.
Until Awakening, one could only depend on one's own growth related to body maturation to increase mana density in their bodies.
But after that decisive moment, in possession of a Magic Gem, magicians could cultivate the mana in nature and merge it with that in their body and soul.
No technique was needed for this. Everything could be done using the Magic Gem.
Depending on one's talents and magical form, mana cultivation could be affected by location or resources.
For example, a magician with a water elemental affinity would find it easier to improve their level by cultivating in an area where the water element was denser, such as a river or the sea. But they would have more difficulty doing so in a place where this element was scarcer, such as a desert or volcanic region.
Resources affected these magicians in the same way. Something close to the water element would cause benefits, and something close to the flame element would cause harm to the magician under analysis.
In short, there were many variables involving one's magical growth, but Rory had been cultivating with ease for the moment.
He hadn't changed his level since his Awakening, but he was improving faster than the men in their group, so he wouldn't need much cultivation time to reach the Acolyte stage.
But even though he had been doing well recently, he was focused on Vice's Awakening!
"Vice, I believe I'm even more anxious than you are, man," Rory said on the way to the Awakening Temple. "After today, we will finally be able to begin our plans and take action to pursue revenge!"
Vicente's revenge against his mother's killers or Lauren's rescue was far from happening. But the beginning of it was precisely his Awakening and the beginning of his group operations.
Now that they had already talked to Aaron over the last few days about the local leadership and found out who were the people they had to be most careful of and who were the dirtiest in this town, they would soon begin their operations.
The thing missing was Vicente to Awakening and the rest of the Fuller family to move to Millfall.
But both of these things could be done in the next few days, and soon, their plans would leave the minds of those involved to take shape in the real world!
Vicente already had a target he would be approaching soon, so as he listened to Rory, he smiled. "Once we have a result in our actions, we will look for the blacksmith indicated by Aaron to get better weapons. At that time, we will quickly change our situation."
The average power of the dominant powers in Millfall was the 2nd magic stage. There were only a few Mages locally.
Thinking about this, Vice believed that if he had weapons for Acolytes, his group could grow somewhat easily in this town.
Rory agreed. "With coins, even those of low talent in our group will be able to go further."
There were limits that low-talented people could not cross. But to reach one of them, one would have to use many resources and naturally reach a relevant level on this continent.
The major difference between someone talented and someone of low talent was not the level of mana one could reach but rather the efficiency in growing through natural cultivation and resources.
 Someone of high talent, like Rory, concerning those guards in their group, could use an item 'x' and achieve much greater greatness than them if they used the same resource. But using 'x,' even if they took longer to absorb it and achieved a less significant improvement than Rory's, those men would still improve.
Obviously, the resource couldn't be too potent to the point that their bodies couldn't handle it, nor too weak that it wouldn't stimulate them.
With resources, they could get stronger!
In the middle of this conversation, the group arrived again in front of the coliseum-shaped building, where several children were already gathered with their families and friends, slowly entering the place.
Vicente followed the walk he had taken with Rory a few days before and was soon in line.
When he identified himself to one of the temple staff, Vice was directed to the inside of that zone and followed a similar path to the one he had taken with Lauren years ago.
Rory and the rest of the group went to the observation galleries, where without delay, they found a spot from which they had a good view of Vice.
On that Awakening Platform, Vicente observed the surroundings momentarily. Then he closed his eyes, coming to this day after hard years of work and waiting.
'Finally... I am finally here.' He felt his heart beating faster while his eyes ached in a special way.
But he wouldn't shed any tears there and clenched his fists tightly, feeling the determination to Awaken his powers.
'Come on! Give me what I need to fulfill my purpose! I will use this gem wisely and push it to its limit, no matter how ordinary it may be!' He shouted in his mind, swearing an oath to himself.
As he finished saying this to himself, the voice of the temple master of Seidel sounded, marking the beginning of another Awakening Ceremony!



Chapter 55 Awakening Time 4
When the ancient and powerful voice of the temple master stopped sounding, the obelisk in the middle of the Awakening Platform shone brightly and shot up against the ceiling.
At that moment, everyone on that platform felt the mana in the surroundings becoming more agitated as if they had suddenly entered a 'pot' with bubbling 'water'.
Their bodies gave off different sensations, some feeling chills, others muscle spasms. All the mana in their bodies at that instant seemed out of their control, and they felt unable to enhance their bodies with this natural essence.
Vicente kept his eyes closed during this initial moment, trying to feel as much as possible about this unique Polaris Realm experience.
Meanwhile, he felt a heat rising from his forehead as pulses coursed through his body.
For those outside the Awakening Platform, it was impossible to feel what was happening inside. Only those going through the experience could feel every sensation generated by the ceremony.
Therefore, Vicente was not familiar with these sensations, even though he had already witnessed Lauren and Rory's Awakenings.
But he was not lost to these pulses that passed through his body.
Vice remained focused on himself, ignoring these external sensations to look inside himself, checking his own existence.
In doing so, he felt something hit the middle of his forehead, and all the mana in his body began to change.
A smile formed on his face as he imagined the powers he would achieve.
Whether they were good or not, they would be better than what he had without a Magic Gem!
Crack!
But as he smiled in anticipation, he felt like a great crack had appeared inside his being.
Immediately he lost the smile on his face and thought that the gem about to merge with him was breaking apart, something totally out of the ordinary.
But that was not what was behind this sound!
After a few seconds of dreading, suddenly, Vicente felt the mana in his body split into two totally unequal parts.
More than 80% of the mana went to one side, and less than 20% portion went to the other. At the same time, he could almost see in his mind a diagram with his body's shape, illustrating what was happening.
'What's wrong?' He wondered, looking at this diagram in his imagination.
Then a large shadow loomed over Vicente and his diagram, turning the surroundings of his imagination into absolute darkness.
As everything in that space seemed to turn black, only a tiny light source remained beside Vicente and his diagram, which was now divided between a 99% portion and a 1% portion.
Then, an enormous gaze opened within the darkness and looked at Vicente. 'Don't look for me until your fifth pentagram. Now go!'
Vicente's eyes suddenly opened after he thought of this thing telling him that and looked down at himself, feeling his clothes soaked, his hair wet, and his breathing agitated.
He shivered and looked down at his hands, not realizing that everyone in the surrounding area was watching him as the gem on his forehead finally took shape.
"Did he make it in the last following?"
"No, if I'm not mistaken, he formed his pentagram after the obelisk's glow ended..."
"You must be wrong. That would be impossible."
Murmurs arose throughout the galleries of the temple as people looked at Vicente, seeing this young man's unusual situation.
'Was he so nervous?' a member of the Awakening Temple wondered as he looked at Vicente.
Meanwhile, everyone was looking at what had appeared on Vice's forehead. An irregularly shaped Magic Gem was wedged between his eyebrows with a rather strange shape.
Typically, Magic Gems were continuous, but Vicente's gem had two parts, one that looked like a pentagram with black lines and one below the pentagram shaped like a lying '69,' similar to the representation of the sign of Cancer.
Both parts of this Magic Gem were of a yellow color similar to the color of gold.
Rory and the men from Vicente were celebrating for him, but this young man did not care about any of the people watching him.
Whether they were happy for him, curious, or making negative comments, he wasn't listening or seeing anything.
In the present instant, he was gradually losing his fright of moments ago and was noticing the strangeness in his body.
 'That... But... That's two Magic Pentagrams!' He shouted in his mind as he felt two pentagrams, not just one, as it should be.
'The first Pentagram is Red... But what about this Yellow one?' He swallowed his saliva, feeling in his body a Pentagram much stronger than his body should be able to handle.
As he thought about this, little by little, he began to feel all his characteristics at a much higher level, as well as his control over his mana.
He still needed to test his new qualities, but he could already feel that he was faster, stronger, more flexible, and more agile. In short, everything about himself had improved.
Even the speed of his thoughts had changed, as had his ability to learn.
Best of all was his mana, which had practically doubled in intensity. With a bit of training, he could have total control over it!
Because of these changes, while people were still watching him, he understood what had just happened and what his first powers were.
His eyes fluttered, and he thought of the only possible explanation, remembering a conversation from years ago.
'... without a space to ADD a second Magic Gem, the person who went through a second awakening would suffer a mental and physical collapse...'
He remembered the woman who had held him outside the Awakening Platform of the Saltstar City temple during the ceremony where Lauren had awakened her magical powers.
Gulp!
'I have two souls! Do I have two Magic Gems?' He wondered, feeling that this alone could explain his situation.
After all, it was impossible to have two Pentagrams and only be in the 1st stage, as was his case.
'But how? Didn't I just absorb one Magic Gem?' He wondered, but the feeling in his body was too strong for him to think he only had one Magic Gem.
'I have two gems!' He finally smiled, imagining that the fact that he had transmigrated to this world would explain the two souls.
And indeed, Vicente had not reincarnated in Polaris Realm after dying on Earth. He had transmigrated to this world and occupied the body of Kate and Andrew's stillborn child.
He had a soul fragment of the one who was supposed to be the son of those two, but also his soul!
Amid his discovery, Vicente did not disregard his family ties and was happy to have two powers.
He did not know where this would lead him, but through these abilities that he would build from this day forward, he would seek his revenge and justice to the names of Andrew and Kate, but also rescue Lauren!
"One day! One day I will solve all of this!" He muttered to himself before looking at his surroundings and deciding to leave from there.



Chapter 56 Elements
Vicente's Magic Gem was extremely strange. But everything existed in this world, and no one watching this Awakening considered his future as promising as that of young people who had Green gems.
As he left, Vicente was just watched from afar by the representatives of the royal family as they went towards the young people with Green-grade talent that had appeared today.
Young people with Green talent didn't always appear at Awakenings, but eventually, one or another throughout the year would. Today had been a lucky day for these observers, and they soon acquired another future member of their forces.
Amidst the celebration of some of the youths in the area, especially the one selected by the Royal Army, Vice departed the temple and met his group outside the building.
"Congratulations on Awakening your magical powers, Vice!" Rory said to him, smiling but quite curious about his friend's magical form.
The others congratulated Vicente on his Awakening but asked nothing about his accomplishments.
One's magical form was very particular, and not everyone was comfortable talking about it!
But Vicente did not see it that way. He was willing to talk with his companions about one of his magical forms, the one in the shape of a pentagram that he knew was associated with his Red Magic Pentagram.
"Let's go to the carriage. I'll talk about my powers on the way home." He said, eager to focus the next few days on learning about his own abilities.
He had a vague sense of what they were related to. Still, he would only have full mastery and knowledge of them after the adaptation time.
As for his magical form associated with the symbol of '69' lying down, he would not talk about it with anyone.
Vicente was not suspicious of his companions. But as an Earth criminal, he knew that sometimes to deceive enemies, one had first to deceive their allies!
Getting into his carriage with Rory, he said. "My magical form must be associated with two elements, Lightning and Earth... Hmm, I would say my powers will be associated with Magnetism."
In Polaris Realm, few elements existed in nature or even in living beings. But intelligent magical organisms could be born capable of manipulating more than one element. Thereby, they could fuse their elements, creating something new.
In Vicente's case, he was very attracted to the elements of Lightning and Earth, so he could use these two elements and the fusion of the two, which he believed could generate something related to Magnetism.
But this was something special for Vicente. Another person with the same Lightning and Earth elements could form other secondary forms of elemental powers.
This depended, to a certain degree, on the Magic Pentagrams one would have on their magical journey, but also on the elemental composition of that person's soul.
In Vicente's case, he had more affinity with Lightning than with Earth, and the way these two elements existed in his being, the fusion of the two should lead him to Magnetism.
Upon hearing his friend, Rory was happy because most people were born with only one affinity. To be born with two was excellent!
He too was born with two, but unlike his friend, Rory had an affinity for the elements of Air and Fire, which led to the special power, Explosion.
Vicente heard Rory's celebration and smiled at his friend, but internally he couldn't stop checking other affinities.
He strangely could not understand what his second magical form was!
All Vicente felt when he tried to analyze it was great darkness, something that made him feel goosebumps all over his body.
He didn't understand where the thought of not using it until the 5th Magical Pentagram had come from. Still, he felt that until then, he should be careful not to use this power. Otherwise, he would undoubtedly have several problems.
He didn't know what this was related to, but judging by the Yellow Pentagram related to his second magic form, Vicente judged that his body couldn't even withstand the activation of this power!
'I probably have the potential to become a Mage without much difficulty with my talents and magic forms.... I'll try to avoid using this until then when I can absorb a Pentagram of the same level as this one. After that, my body should be better prepared for that power.' Vicente thought as he smiled at Rory.
"Anyway, what do we do now, man? I know you must spend some time getting familiar with your powers, but what do we do next?" Rory asked.
Vicente put his thoughts aside and said. "I'll focus on training my new abilities for the next four days. After that, we will leave back to Martell Village. We will pick up Nina and Eve.
We will continue our plans when we return with them and some of our comrades."
Rory nodded to Vice, feeling that this would be better.
It would be better for them to travel to get these people now while they hadn't started getting involved in local affairs. Once they started, they would be too busy to be of any use to go out on trips and settle non-essential matters.
Vicente said to Rory, "It would be good if you would use the next few days to register Nina at one of the local academies. I want everything to be ready so we can focus on our business when we return with her."
"OK, leave that to me." Rory accepted the task.
"In the meantime, I want the three of you to visit a few stores in those days." Vice looked toward the front of the carriage, where his men were standing outside the cabin. "We'll update our plans after Nina and Eve settle in locally.
But I want you guys to already get ahead during the days of my seclusion and contact with these stores. I plan to approach these merchants soon."
 From what Vicente and his group had discovered in the previous days, Millfall had a severe crime problem.
Several stores and local commerce did not operate during the night due to the local dangers. Not only did the owners of many businesses not have the ability to pay for security in their shops, but the common part of the population, weak or unable to use magic, did not dare to go out on the streets after a certain time.
They discovered this by combining their observation time in this city with Aaron's information.
Vicente wanted to act precisely on this local weakness!
"OK, boss!" Those men replied just before the carriage pulled into the driveway of the house where Nina would be living very soon.
Arriving there, Rory and part of the group of guards left, leaving only one to observe the area while Vicente trained.
He went directly to the basement of his house, where was the training room that every residence like this one would have.
As he locked himself in that place, Vicente closed his eyes for a moment, feeling the violent mana in his body propelling him to extravasate some of his powers.
He looked at a humanoid target there and ran.
Sparks appeared around his body, in particular around his fist, which was already moving toward the head of the dummy in front of him.
Pow!



Chapter 57 Discoveries
A second after punching that training dummy in the head, Vicente saw a hole the size of his fist appearing in that wooden object.
Upon seeing this, he opened his mouth in amazement, for until yesterday, he had never managed to damage that dummy!
'Impressive! And I didn't even try to use much of my strength!' He exclaimed in his mind, understanding why newly awakened magicians needed to go through seclusion.
Without a moment to understand one's own characteristics, one would end up endangering those in their surroundings and even themselves.
By advancing a stage, a magician's powers would temporarily become destabilized, and they could either use more or less strength than they wanted.
This could seriously injure those close to a new advanced magician, but it could also be a danger to the magician. After all, being unable to use all their powers in the way they wanted was not good!
He clenched his fists and watched the dummy regenerate. 'Let's test everything I can do!'
He then moved against such a combat dummy, something capable of providing an opponent capable of moving and defending itself. But it couldn't attack.
This was a piece of equipment that every magician would use for training when they were at the first magical stage. Not everyone had the coins to buy one, but Vicente and Rory did because Andrew had bought one for Lauren before he left for Saltstar City.
As he moved, Vicente paid attention to his speed, which was noticeably higher than the one he had previously.
'Before the Magic Gem, I could run around 20 kilometers per hour... But now, I can move at 40 kilometers per hour!' He noticed his speed amidst his faster and slower movements.
Vicente was not maintaining a steady pace as he moved around that training room. His speed increased and decreased beyond his control.
But even his minimum speed was already much faster than it had been until yesterday.
He saw the dummy slipping away from him once again when his speed varied to the minimum, but as he watched it closely, he realized something.
"Hmmm?" His eyes narrowed, and he saw some of the dust in that room against the light, watching it fall as if watching a slow-motion video.
'I can see better! My vision has improved a lot, and by combining it with my reflexes, I can even see things as if in slow motion?' He wondered as he experimented with his abilities without even trying to use his Magic Pentagram.
All he was doing was stimulating his body with mana, as he had been doing for years.
By stimulating his body with mana, Vicente would have all his senses sharper, be stronger but faster, have faster and better reactions, and recover from injuries more easily.
It was as if he had gone from being a human to a superhuman!
He would realize this in the next few moments, surpassing that dummy who should generally be a good training partner for Apprentices, but against him, it had no chance.
Even though he was only a Junior Apprentice, all of Vicente's characteristics were abnormally high, and he readily realized that.
'That's because of my second Magic Gem!' He noticed this effortlessly, seeing that his body was much stronger than he thought it would be after his Awakening.
Vice had analyzed Rory for days during his training sessions. Through this time of observation, he had concluded how strong he would be after his Awakening.
But now he had at least four times more strength, speed, and power than he had anticipated!
This could not be because of his fighting and movement techniques from his earthly time, so the only explanation was his second power!
He sensed this and decided to test the special power of his Red Magic Pentagram, curious to see how his powers would show themselves.
Would it be affected?
Vicente didn't know, but he decided to use his first Pentagram even though he hadn't stabilized his powers and needed at least a few hours of training with that puppet to work this out.
In doing so, he made a combat stance and followed his instincts.
The special power that would come from a Magic Pentagram could be used for magicians seconds after absorbing it.
There was no special restriction related to this, and the magician did not have to earn this ability by going through a test or challenge.
By gaining a Magic Pentagram, one would have already passed any tests there might be, and this would have 100% compatibility with that person.
Precisely because of this, the activation and the best way to use these powers would come to the mind of the owner of that Pentagram when they decided to activate it.
Vicente acted almost unconsciously at that moment, feeling strange sensations as his fingers moved, noticing a weird weight arising in his mind.
Looking at the surroundings, he noticed several structures in his training room shaking while the lighting in the area failed.
 Not only did the light fail, but it also changed color strangely, showing Vicente different electromagnetic spectrums.
As this happened, Vicente's eyes turned as white as lightning.
The metallic items in the surroundings floated towards Vice and slowly began to change shape, forming shields and blades as he imagined these things.
However, as he continued to infuse his mana into his Magic Gem, Vicente noticed that, unlike other people, only part of it was glowing in the color of his talent.
While the pentagram glowed in an intense yellow, the symbol of '69' lying there remained in an opaque yellow tone.
Noticing this, Vicente looked in the direction of his forehead, and an idea flashed through his mind. 'That... Is this the talent of my first Magic Gem? Does every gem have a different talent?' He opened his mouth as he thought of this absurd possibility.
But as he thought about it, Vicente felt his power reach a new level, and he began to see field lines in his surroundings.
Noises arose from his house while he felt more and more metallic objects in his range.
'Shit! I have to stop, or I'll destroy my house!' He felt sweat dripping down his back and tried to control himself.
Unfortunately for Vicente's neighbors, his little test had already caused havoc in the surrounding area, damaging several magic tools in those residences.
Many tools and items used in daily life in these residences depended on metallic minerals that immediately suffered from Vicente's test!
Having no control over himself, he naturally demonstrated far more powers than he would have if he had the choice!
Vice didn't know it, but that afternoon his neighbors would spread a rumor in this town, talking about a strange phenomenon capable of ruining low-level magical equipment!
Luckily he had only kept his ability activated for a few moments, and no one had noticed him at the time of activation.



Chapter 58 Leaking Power
After the incident in his first training, Vicente did not leave his home. Leaving wouldn't help him much, so he no longer tried to activate his skill related to his first Pentagram.
He still had to train his mana control skills before mastering this Red Pentagram, so he decided to focus on this physical training.
When he finished this primary part of his training, he would see somewhere to train his powers without risking destroying his home or drawing unnecessary attention.
So he continued to fight the wooden dummy until nightfall, hardly stopping to rest.
...
By the end of the day, Rory and the rest of the men in Vicente's group had returned from their business, but their leader had not yet left the training room.
"Is he still there?" Rory asked with a smile on his face, imagining that Vice was admiring his own abilities.
Awakening one's magical powers was terrific. It was much better than using an addictive substance, so the feeling of activating their abilities was highly pleasurable.
One would spend hours using their powers on the first day after awakening to get to know themselves amidst the pleasant feeling of empowerment.
Not everyone in this society aimed to become the strongest or the richest, much less to dominate the world. But many cultivated their magical powers as much as they could.
Why was this? Simple, because it felt good to get stronger, not only for the benefits of being stronger, such as living longer and better but for the very feeling of having richer and denser mana.
So it was absolutely normal for a young man who had just awakened his powers to train until he was exhausted.
"Yes, a few hours ago, I thought he would come out after a strange phenomenon hit the whole neighborhood, but he didn't even say anything." The man who had spent all afternoon watching Vicente's property answered Rory.
"Strange phenomenon?" One of the guards in the group asked as he frowned.
"What are you talking about? Did something happen in our absence?" Rory became more serious.
"Hmm, but I don't know what exactly is behind it. While the boss was training, several magic items, mainly lamps, stopped working. Not only that, several objects floated inside the residence and other places nearby.
I heard some rumors in the neighborhood, and this seems to have happened in at least about 20 nearby houses." That young man replied.
He did not associate this with Vicente's training. After all, as a Junior Apprentice, their boss had no way of having such a strong ability!
None of the others thought of this possibility, even after they had already heard from Vicente about the nature of his powers.
A phenomenon like the one described could only be caused by someone a few levels stronger than Junior Apprentices!
"How strange. We'll talk about it with Vicente later." Rory commented before leaving for the kitchen. "For now, eat something. Maybe he'll take more time in his training. Vice is smarter than us, so this isn't just about training the body for him."
"All right."
...
After a few more hours, the silence was already spreading through the streets of Millfall when the door to the training room of the Fuller family home opened.
When this door opened, the guard waiting for Vicente looked in this direction, seeing the silhouette of his leader, while smoke and a strange smell came from that place.
Vicente was naturally stinking after half a day of training.
"Finally! Boss, I thought you would spend the whole night there." That man stood up and walked over to Vicente.
"Oh? What time is it? I guess I lost track of time." Vicente felt his stomach rumbling and didn't wait for that man's answer, going into the kitchen.
"Two o'clock in the morning."
"What? All that?" Vicente looked at that young man as he picked up fruit from the pantry.
"Hmm, Rory and the rest of the group must be sleeping now. They didn't think you would leave before dawn and went to rest."
"I see..." Vicente closed his eyes as he tasted those fruits and felt his mana being stimulated.
He was hungry and exhausted. Anything with mana that he ate now would become fuel to restore his energy.
'It looks like I was right in my theories.' He thought quietly. 'I have different talents for my Magic Gems. And even though I don't use my second power, it affects me as a whole.
They are both part of the same body. So even though they have different origins, one affects the other.'
 Vicente had already realized that the powers he must have inherited from Andrew and Kate's mixed bloodlines were much more potent than they should have been. His Magic Pentagram associated with his pentagram-shaped gem could not alone explain the abilities he had demonstrated earlier.
Considering that his first Pentagram of his second gem was a Yellow, that is, two levels above what Apprentices should be able to endure, he had concluded that somehow the quality of the better Gem and Pentagram were 'leaking' into the lower ones.
All in all, he was stronger than he should have been based on his normal knowledge. His mana reserve lasted longer, and his physical characteristics were more refined. In short, everything about him seemed better than what one would see in a Junior Apprentice.
Thinking about how he had trained for several hours longer than Rory, Vicente had concluded his thoughts that he had had during those hours of training.
"We need to find a place for me to train. I won't be able to do that here for a long time." Vicente said to that man.
That guard thought it was strange, but it was not his place to question his leader. "All right, when the day begins, I will look into this with the rest of the staff. But boss, I have things to tell you about what happened during your training today."
"What? Something wrong?" Vicente asked, still eating.
"Rory and the staff completed some of their orders this afternoon. But the most important thing I have to report is about a phenomenon that Paul reported witnessing earlier."
This guard was picking up the night shift, so he had been one of the men who had heard Paul's strange report from earlier.
"Several magic tools from a bunch of houses in the vicinity stopped working after strange reactions in the middle of the afternoon. We don't know if this was something natural or if someone is behind it, but it's a fact that we have to worry about it, or we'll have a lot of damage." This fellow said, making Vicente look him in the eye and feel sweat dripping down his back.
"Really? That happened?" Vicente promptly realized he was to blame for this phenomenon, noting that he had reached far beyond his home. 'I must quickly get such a power under control!'



Chapter 59 A Little About Millfall
After discovering what his powers could do, Vicente trained his physical abilities for another full day, reaching the point where he was confident in using his mana to strengthen his body to whatever extent he preferred.
Before this training, he had sometimes damaged parts of his house, denting the locks and taps but also breaking several glasses and plates.
In other moments before these hours of training, he also felt excessive weakness, something related to the instability of the mana in his body.
But after extravasating much of his strength and training for hours in his training room, he managed to master his own abilities well enough to control his mana very well.
Now if he wanted to have only the strength of an average person to shake hands or even eat without destroying plates, cups, and cutlery, he could and would have the ability to use more of his strength to destroy doors if he so desired.
However, Vice still lacked the ability to master the powers of his magical form and better understand his Red Pentagram.
So, at dawn on the second day after Vicente's Awakening, he and Rory set off toward a training site in Millfall.
...
Millfall had a range of services capable of serving low-level magicians with excellence. This town had professionals of the most varied types, from doctors to blacksmiths and even musicians.
One's magical form determines one's profession. In this society, there was no possibility of a person doing that which went against their characteristics.
If one was not born to be a doctor, there were not many possibilities other than medicine for this person. Their abilities would grow related to the activities of doctors, and it would be almost impossible for such a person to become, for example, a blacksmith.
But this was not a problem in Polaris Realm. Usually, people born with certain affinities had such a vocation for these areas that they would hardly not want to follow that path.
Millfall had all kinds of professionals but also services and resources for all these different kinds of magicians.
Even though there were endless paths to growth, magicians generally needed some common ground, regardless of their specialization.
Magicians needed resources to develop their bodies and souls, artifacts useful not only in combat but in training, as well as safe places to develop their skills.
Not everyone could afford a good training room in their home, but many needed such a place, especially after advancing and adding new Pentagrams.
In the same way as after Awakening, after advancing from one stage, one would need to undergo a period of adaptation.
Hence, to meet the demand for training places, there were places in every city, like Millfall, where one could pay to train in special rooms.
There were rooms of various levels and with different purposes in such places.
Some could be used for alchemists to use their magic refining skills, while the most common were those for training combat skills since most of the magicians in Polaris Realm were of the warrior type.
Knowing all of Millfall and where The Archdemon Arena was, Rory and Vicente quickly arrived in front of one of the largest buildings locally.
The Archdemon Arena was a place with special training rooms and a large stadium where weekly battles were held to entertain the population.
There were monthly and weekly competitions in the arena. In these, prizes were given to the winning competitors in their categories, but the spectators were the ones who won the most, having the chance to see battles that were hard to witness in cities.
When they arrived at this place, Vicente and Rory ignored the many people there to buy tickets, place bets or simply chat in the surroundings and went to the reception in the entrance hall.
They didn't have to wait long there, and soon an attendant welcomed them at the counter, "Good morning, how can I help you?"
"Hello, I would like a level 2 training room," Rory said but was interrupted by Vicente.
"A level 3 room will be better." Vice squeezed one of his friend's shoulders and said, smiling at that beautiful woman in a uniform that had a pattern similar to that of earth stewardesses.
'Level 3? But that's the kind of room used by Senior Apprentice! Why does Vice want a room like this?' Rory narrowed his eyes but didn't ask anything immediately.
They could even ask for a level 6 room, the most advanced one in The Archdemon Arena. But paying for something useful to Acolytes would be a waste of resources. For their level, a level 2 room should be more than enough for them not to damage anything.
However, Vicente seemed to have something else in mind.
"Okay, it's 2 silver coins per hour. How long will you be staying?" That attendant smiled, seeing that these were two fancy young men.
'What do they think they will do in a level 3 room? Are they trying to get my attention?' She thought internally, sensing the level of the two. 'But if you guys want to give your coins to the arena, so be it.'
"Hmm, let's stay for six hours." Vicente put 12 silver coins in front of that woman before getting the key to one private room.
If they had come to this place later, they might have had to wait for a room to become vacant. But early in the day, there were more vacant rooms to be rented.
After getting his key, Vice went with Rory to the room assigned to them, following the instructions of that attendant.
 Their guards were not by their side at the moment. One of them was watching the Fuller property, while the others were either waiting for Vice and Rory or taking care of things ordered by their leader.
On the way to the area of the individual training rooms, Rory looked at Vicente and asked in a low voice. "Why did you ask for a level 3 room? You know it's 50% more expensive than a level 2 room, right?"
"Hmm, and I also know that if we damage the level 2 room, we will have to pay a fine of 10 times the room's rent," Vicente said in a low voice.
The level 2 room costs 8 silver coins for 6 hours of use. So if he damaged it, he would have to pay 80 silver coins as a fine to The Archdemon Arena!
Vice didn't have coins to spend like that, but he thought he had the power to damage a place like that!
"What? And why would that be a concern?" Rory did not understand as he had not yet seen or felt his friend's abilities.
"You will understand in a few moments. For some reason, my first ability is pretty powerful." Vicente smiled at Rory, pretending not to know where this mysterious power came from.
With these words, they arrived in front of room number 39, the same as the key in Vicente's hands.



Chapter 60 Demonstration of Power
Upon entering the level 3 training room, Vicente and Rory were faced with a place similar in appearance to the training area they had at the Fuller family home.
However, everything there was at higher levels of quality than the stuff they had at home, with stronger side structures, a sturdier combat dummy, etc.
Vicente quickly closed the door, turning the key in the lock twice, before walking over to the cabinets.
As he put that metal key away, he smiled and looked at his friend, who was watching him curiously.
"Are you trying to trap me in here or something?" Rory asked as he arched his eyebrows. "Why keep the keys to the room in the closet?"
"Hmm, I think we'd be in danger of damaging it if I didn't do that," Vicente said, making his friend frown.
"OK, I look forward to seeing what you can do, Vice."
Hearing that, Vicente indicated to Rory. "Are you wearing any metallic items on your body? If you are, I advise you to take it off and store it in the closet."
"Oh?" Rory looked down and immediately began to take off the necklace he had around his neck, soon after taking off one of his rings, the only one he was wearing at the moment.
After taking off half a dozen metallic items and holding them in hand, Rory approached one of the walls of this room, making room for Vicente.
"Go ahead."
Hearing that, Vicente smiled, seeing that his friend still doubted him.
But he was not disappointed. Rory demonstrating this behavior was entirely natural!
Even friends, there were things that if Vicente said to Rory or vice-versa, one would not believe the other until he saw or felt the truthfulness of his friend's words.
This black-haired young man, dressed like a businessman, quickly took off the top of his suit and folded up the sleeves of his shirt.
Placing a combat stance, Vice circulated his mana through his Magic Gem, through it activating the Red Pentagram.
The yellow of the pentagram on his forehead glowed brightly, and soon after, a Red Pentagram appeared in his surroundings.
Along with the appearance of the ability's power source about to take effect, the light in the surroundings changed as Rory felt the items in his hands trying to fly in Vicente's direction.
"What?" He shouted as he felt the objectives in his hand slipping out of his control and feeling a bad sensation in his own body.
Like humans on Earth, in Polaris Realm, people also had metallic elements in their blood to carry breathing gases.
Obviously, the amount of these metals was meager, and Vicente would not be able to remove these small amounts of metals from Rory's body. But the magnetic attraction caused by his first ability was enough for this young redhead to feel the terror of Vice's ability.
As Rory looked awkwardly at his groupmate, Vicente smiled as he saw some of the metallic items he had brought with him and left on the outskirts of the room to come to his vicinity.
The rest of the room didn't even shake with his power, resisting his magnetic pull well, unlike his house, which had nearly cracked in half that other day.
What was inside the room's cabinets remained inside those items, but all the other metallic items went to him, quickly losing their shapes and turning into different things.
Rory looked with widened eyes at this, seeing his items changing shape to form a small dagger.
"Damn it, Vicente! You didn't do that!" He shouted as he lost some of his valuables.
Rory was very fond of rings, bracelets, and necklaces. So seeing several of them being 'destroyed' by Vicente, such a young man couldn't help but put aside how impressive Vice's ability was to get angry.
"Haha, my bad, Rory, but you should have kept them in the closet like I did with mine." Vice laughed out loud as several metallic blades floated in their surroundings.
Then, with a single thought, they all moved towards the wooden dummy, causing it to immediately start moving.
This was not a puppet like the one in Vicente's house. It was much better and better prepared than that beginner item.
As such, at the sight of Vicente's first attack, the dummy dodged the attacks coming from different directions.
However, Vicente's first ability was not simple!
Not only could he change shape, attract and repel metallic items, Vicente could also interfere with the elements Earth and Lightning while using the fusion of the two.
Lightning had little potential to damage Wood. Only if the difference in power levels between the two elements was too great in favor of the Lightning could such an element destroy Wood.
But that was not the same for Earth!
 As the blades flew around the dummy, shrinking its space of action, the ground of the combat platform shifted subtly, increasing the viscosity of the surface.
At that instant, the dummy temporarily lost some of its mobility, and one of Vicente's blades went through its body!
Swooish!
"What?" Rory saw that and exclaimed, knowing that the difficulty of hitting it should be the same as hitting a Senior Apprentice!
Moreover, unlike this dummy that could regenerate, a magician would be temporarily injured by a cut like that.
"Can you do all that?" Rory could no longer bear the doubts in his heart and questioned. "How is that possible? Your Pentagram is just Red! That makes no sense at all, man!"
Vice smiled and said. "I don't understand it either, but I inherited a power quite out of the ordinary... Anyway, I finally had some luck in life."
"Lucky? Haha, I'd say so." Rory said, noting how powerful Vicente's first skill was.
The first skill, or Magic Pentagram, came from the Magic Gem. Because of that, this was the only skill that could grow along with the magician. In other words, if this power of Vicente's was already like this right now, Rory could already imagine how shocking it could become when his friend became stronger!
"Haha, so it was you. You who destroyed half the magical equipment on the block!" Rory immediately connected the dots and understood the origin of the phenomenon from days ago.
Vicente smiled at him but said nothing as he tried to control his powers.
Then Rory asked him after a few moments of watching his friend. "But Vice, tell me something, can you form weapons with this manipulation ability? I mean, you formed several types of blades, but can you make other objects?"
Hearing that, Vicente immediately tried to change how he manipulated those metal items!



Chapter 61 Vicentes Possibilities
Vicente knew every step of building a weapon, whether he started with the parts already made or even before the components were produced.
He knew how to get gunpowder, extract the ores needed to produce the weapon's body, and also how to mallet each part of it.
He had learned and produced many types of weapons in his time on Earth. This was a kind of hobby for him!
Even if he didn't have the same materials and machinery as on Earth, he would know how to guide a blacksmith, just as he had done when he paid someone to make the components of his first weapons.
So thinking about Rory's words, he immediately tried to manipulate the metals by striking the wooden dummy to form a weapon.
Vice managed at first to change the shape of these metals to form something outwardly resembling a weapon. However, he soon frowned as he realized his accuracy in forming complex items was not high.
For example, the rifle-shaped barrel of the gun lacked a rifled barrel, something necessary for the accuracy of firing, especially thinking about long-range shots.
Several other internal components necessary for the functioning of this weapon were missing, so when trying to fire it, Vicente failed.
'Hmm, I probably have to improve my control over the power of this Magic Pentagram.' He looked at his surroundings, feeling the power of the Red Pentagram radiating in his body and the space near him.
He then commented to Rory. "No, I can't. I don't know if it's because of my lack of control over my current powers or a lack of understanding. If it's the second, I feel I'll have to become stronger to accomplish that."
"That makes sense... Either way, you shouldn't be far from accomplishing that." Rory said, figuring that was the case judging by the appearance of the rifle created by Vicente.
"But Vice, tell me something, these items that you change the shape of, do they stay that way after you stop using your powers?" Rory asked as he watched his friend moving, attacking, and trying to master his magical abilities on a deeper level.
"I believe so. As much as I'm manipulating these metal components with magic, once they're in a new state, they tend to stay that way."
In short, with or without magic, things tended to stay in the state of least less energy change.
Something in motion tended to stay in motion, and something standing still tended to stay still.
In the case of the items altered by Vicente, magic had changed their forms. Yet, to return to their previous forms, magic would have to be used to make the second change.
In a way, if these items were to return to their forms prior to Vicente's manipulation, it would be like phosphorus returning to its form from the ashes and smoke resulting from its burning.
Vicente realized what was on his friend's mind and narrowed his eyes. "I see... Are you thinking of me producing weapons for our people?"
"Not just weapons, my friend." Rory laughed. "If you can manipulate metal items, you have an affinity for forging. You can become a good blacksmith!"
Vicente hadn't thought of that, but when considering such a thing, what Rory had just said made total sense.
'That's true!' Vicente's eyes twitched.
The powers of his First Magical Gem should be associated with Magnetism. In particular, his first power, coming from the Red Pentagram, should be Matter Manipulation, which gave him the power to alter mostly metals.
On a smaller scale, he could affect the blood flow of living beings, but his main ability would be shape-shifting metals, as he could presently.
Knowing that his magnetic abilities would grow along his journey as a magician, with the addition of more Pentagrams in this Magical Gem, Vicente could notice its compatibility with the profession of people who basically manipulated metals.
Blacksmiths also made use of other minerals, sometimes non-metallic minerals, sometimes even organic components. But the focus of the profession was metals!
With that in mind, Vicente saw a new path ahead of him!
By becoming a blacksmith, he would no longer need to pay for such professionals to develop his weapons, but he could also protect his project by producing his own weapons.
At the same time, if he could manipulate his weapons, maybe there was a way he could program them so they could never turn on him!
That would be just perfect!
As he felt the satisfaction of seeing a new door opening before him, Vicente smiled and moved more aggressively, without realizing it, taking his combat prowess to a new level.
He used some of the metal items in the surroundings to form spheres and then created electromagnetic poles, making some spheres become positively charged and others negatively charged.
Then...
Ka-boom!
A loud bang broke between the spheres, causing Rory to momentarily startle, seeing a flash of light shoot out quickly and then noticing the wooden dummy disappear.
"What? What the fuck was that, Vicente?" He exclaimed while having both of his hands on his ears.
 Vicente clenched his fists, understanding his powers better and feeling more compatible with them.
"I have a great affinity with the Lightning element, don't I? Isn't it natural that I can blend the fusion of my elements with the independent use of one of them?"
"Is that possible?" Rory opened his mouth, not knowing one could do that.
"It seems so, haha."
With those words, Vicente stopped manipulating his powers, and everything floating in the surroundings fell to the ground.
Rory felt relief in his body after Vicente stopped using his ability, breathing more deeply.
But neither he nor Vicente was worried about the end of that wooden dummy. They couldn't damage the room's structure, but a doll was made to be pushed to the limit.
If someone who hired the services of this place was strong enough to destroy the dummy, then that was the responsibility of The Archdemon Arena.
Obviously, this institution had its rules, which, for example, prevented anyone stronger than the level of a training room from renting it.
What had motivated Vicente not to choose something lower than a level 3 room was his fear of destroying whatever room he was in, knocking down the walls, and ruining the furniture.
So, when he stopped to drink some water and recover some of his energy, Vicente didn't even look at the ashes of that dummy while Rory stood in silence, judging his friend's level.
"Vice, you are powerful..." He said after a few moments. "If I couldn't see it, I'd say that your talent and Magic Pentagram are not yellow nor red.
But that must be the effect of having such a strange Magical Gem.
Congratulations, my friend, you can go far, and achieving your ambitions will be less difficult than we thought."
Before he considered that Vice and he would have to use the influence they built up to pay for assassins or powerful magicians to deal with the revenge they would go after. But with such impressive power on their side, things could be different!
There was a long way to go, a difficult and dangerous one, one that could very well still be impossible. But compared to before, now they had much more to rely on to go for their goals!
Vicente nodded to Rory but didn't invest in the matter. He merely finished drinking his water and said. "I'm going to meditate for 15 minutes to recover. How about we fight a bit afterward?"



Chapter 62 Duel of Friends 1
After Vicente's question, Rory looked at his friend strangely. "Are you crazy? If we train together now, you'll hurt me! We should at least wait for you to get better control of your ability."
This was indeed a problem to think about.
Just as Vicente had learned to control his body with the new characteristics after his Awakening, he needed to control the power coming from his Pentagram.
But since that was a power more connected to him than using his mana to strengthen his body because it was ingrained in his being, Vicente felt he could quickly control that ability.
"Hmm, you think so? How about this? I won't attack. I'll just defend myself while you attack me. That should be enough for me to understand my abilities better.
By the end of this six-hour period, I'll probably be able to control myself well enough. Then we can have an actual confrontation."
Rory thought silently about this proposal and agreed after a moment.
Vicente was smarter than him in terms of combat, use of magic, and ability to understand and read the world's reality.
Since Rory himself had mastered the power of his Pentagram in less than a day, he judged that by the end of those hours of training, Vicente would have enough control to not put him in danger.
"Alright."
With that said, the minutes passed, and when Vice had recovered enough to expose his combat skills again, he and Rory positioned themselves in opposite corners of the room.
When one looked at the other and indicated he was ready, Vicente tossed a wooden sphere into the air, something his powers could not interfere with.
He and Rory circulated the mana in their bodies, making their Magical Gems glow brighter while their Red Pentagrams appeared.
The metallic items from earlier floated in Vicente's surroundings while an inexplicable wind arose inside that totally closed room, from where only an air duct ventilated the place.
But this was a wind that felt like the gaseous displacement during a storm, not the airflow coming from a duct.
Along with that wind, orange flames appeared in Rory's hands as he positioned himself to attack Vicente.
When the wooden sphere touched the ground, the looks on both their faces changed, and they both moved!
Vicente already knew Rory's skill, so he promptly manipulated those metal items in his surroundings to create shields.
On the other hand, Rory did not delay and soon exposed the power of his magical form, Explosion!
When Air and Fire merged, a glow appeared. Flames exploded strongly in front of Vicente, raising the temperature of the entire room, while small orange blades formed from the explosion, heading in different directions under Rory's control.
Rory's ability was Explosion, something related to his Magical Gem. But with his first Pentagram, that power showed itself through the formation of small blades of fire, a mixture of Air and Fire that could create micro explosions when it hit its target.
Vicente had yet to feel Rory's power in combat, but almost instantly, upon the activation of his friend's ability, he realized how destructive that was.
From one hour to the next, a strong explosion hit one of his shields, destroying part of its structure, while fragments flew toward Vicente.
Noticing this, Vice did not stop to admire the destructive power of his friend nor the structural weakness of the defenses he had formed.
He knew that if he were hit by one of these arrows, he would suffer much pain even if his life was not in danger.
Vicente immediately moved his hands and controlled the fragments flying towards him, putting some of his attention on moving the other shields flying in his surroundings, making them shift.
Vicente would not attack Rory at this time, but even limited, he could greatly improve his understanding of his own powers just by defending himself.
Noticing that his items were fragile despite looking strong, Vicente focused more on increasing the complexity of those structures, making each shield vibrate and subtly change shape.
He saw that some of his friend's flame arrows passed through the spaces between their shields and moved, dodging so fast at the last moment to get hit that Rory couldn't intervene and change the direction of his blades.
They all missed Vice and hit the ground, exploding in different parts of that combat area, but destroying nothing, given the power level of that attack was lower than what the room could handle.
"You sure are fast!" Rory commented aloud, seeing that his friend's magical ability was powerful and Vice's physical features had evolved much more than he thought.
"But how will you dodge that, Vice?" Rory smiled as he joined several of his small blades together, forming one as large as a normal-sized spear.
Seeing that thing moving towards him under Rory's control, Vice stopped moving and concentrated all his defenses in front of his body.
He felt drops of sweat forming on his face and placed his two hands forward, slightly above his head, while controlling his power with his hands.
All of his shields merged into a single metal barrier, 10 centimeters thick.
 Unfortunately, there was no more free metal in the surroundings. Otherwise, Vicente felt he could demonstrate a much thicker barrier!
Boom!
Then, attack and defense collided, and when the strong explosion of that Rory blade came, Vicente shouted while holding the shield in front of him.
"Aaagh!"
He felt parts of his shield being destroyed as the explosion changed the metallic elements, decreasing the amount of matter Vice had at his disposal.
"That's a good skill, Rory!" He shouted amidst the explosion, holding his defenses as best he could.
...
Hours after Rory attacking and Vicente defending himself inside one of The Archdemon Arena's training rooms, they finally reached the last 30 minutes they had before their time was up.
After hours of 'fighting,' both had improved their skills, one having understood more of his powers and skyrocketed his control over them and the other having noticed several problems he had to improve.
Throughout the fight, Vicente learned to better control his powers to strengthen the structures he created.
He had a lot of potential with his ability. Still, without good initial control over it, he had suffered in the early moments of the fight.
But throughout the fight, Vicente significantly improved his control, bringing his defensive capabilities up to the level of offensive power he had previously demonstrated.
By the end of the last fight, or rather the last attack and defense session, he had managed to completely exhaust his friend just by defending himself!
Vice had not suffered any injuries in that last fight, and even though he had not attacked once, he looked like the real winner of the fight!
As for Rory, he had lost his edge throughout the fight, but it had shown him important points he needed to improve, something very good for a young magician to realize early on in his journey.
He looked at Vice after recovering and asked. "You still need a bit more challenge to finish controlling your powers, right? Shall we fight at least once for real?"



Chapter 63 Duel of Friends 2
With Rory's invitation, Vicente immediately nodded with intent to continue training.
As much as Vice would have the upper hand in the confrontation, the point there was to have an opponent for him to better master his skills, not to have profound glimpses of how to elevate his characteristics further.
To train his control over his abilities, Vicente could even do it alone. But in combat against an opponent would always be better than training alone when the strengths of the two were in the same realm.
A weaker opponent was still an opponent who acted independently and could create surprises, which would never happen in one-on-one training.
With both 100% recovered from the last 'fight,' Vicente and Rory activated their powers again, this time with one setting off towards the other the moment a wooden sphere hit the ground.
Directing the surrounding air at Vicente, infusing his flames into the wind current, Rory tried to push his opponent away.
Simultaneously, Vicente already knew that Rory would try to disrupt him with his explosive abilities, so he quickly created several lightning bolts on the outskirts of the training room, targeting his friend's feet.
Vicente didn't want to hit Rory and hurt him. But he also didn't want to leave this guy quiet enough to sustain the magic pentagram providing power to his attacks.
In this magical world, one did not need to cast spells to activate the abilities coming from their Magic Pentagrams. But to keep that ability in use, one had to consciously maintain the flow of mana through the gem and pentagram that was in use.
If anything disturbed the order of these steps, one would lose control over their ability, and it would naturally fade after a few seconds.
Thinking of forcing his friend to lose by not being able to maintain his attacks, Vicente promptly began to pressure Rory with blasts of lightning capable of making even magicians stronger than this young redhead shiver.
"Shit!"
Rory moved a few steps backward, dodging Vicente's attacks.
As he did so, he noticed the floor becoming more slimy and frowned.
'Earth is really annoying to counter...' He lowered his hands as orange flames sprang up in them, touching the ground and conjuring a spell.
Then the ground in the vicinity of up to 1.5 meters away from Rory combusted, countering Vice's spell.
Both Vice and Rory could cast spells with their elements and even a mixture of them.
One didn't need to learn a spell in a book to be able to learn things compatible with their magical nature. Some basic uses of magic came naturally to the minds of magicians when they awakened their powers or grew stronger.
In a way, it was like an instinct.
To make a spell, one wouldn't need much. They would just need to circulate their mana in their Magical Gem and make the necessary commands to form the spell.
Sometimes this could be in the form of words laden with intent. Still, in other circumstances, one could simply make hand seals and generate the same effect as if one had spoken something.
The most talented magicians could cast spells without speaking or gesturing, which worked based on their thoughts alone!
Vicente saw the entire floor around Rory burn, and his spell lost its effect, but he was not surprised. In some instances, Fire could damage Earth.
He made a few gestures with his hands, and soon after, the blades in his surroundings cut closer to Rory, heading towards the young man's arms and legs.
In an instant, the battle shifted from a small advantage in Vice's favor to a large gap between the two. He pressed Rory while working to not hit his friend, only to make his artifacts pass close enough to scare the red-haired young man.
Rory managed to get a dozen explosions to disrupt Vicente's plans, but after five minutes of fighting pretty much on the defensive, he couldn't bear to continue much longer and decided to make an attack.
Having already realized that Vicente strangely had a lot more energy to fight than he did, Rory made his last move, attacking for the first time in this last training match.
Orange flames covered all of Rory's surroundings, causing Vicente to momentarily have to cover his eyes.
Instantly after this strong explosion, a column of fire followed Vicente's body, giving him no time to react.
Vice's eyes were covered, but he felt the mana shift in the surroundings with his senses, noticing that he would be hit.
He put his two arms in front of his face and radiated most of his mana into them.
Boom!
"Aaaaagh!"
Rory's attack exploded over Vicente's arms, burning some of the black-haired young man's clothes and making smoke in the surroundings.
A second later, the large explosion around Rory cast aside the previous luminosity, revealing the situation of the exhausted red-haired young man, now surrounded by blades targeting different parts of his body.
 Even screaming in pain, Vicente kept his blades focused on Rory, each floating near the red-haired man's vital points, who was sweating and breathing heavily.
"I lost." Rory grinned as he couldn't take it anymore and fell to the ground.
Vicente pulled his arms away from him, ignoring the burns on them, smiling as he, too, felt exhausted.
Vice wasn't happy about the victory, but with this training, he thought he would no longer expose as much of his powers as he had done when activating his Red Pentagram for the first time.
He could now use his abilities at a much lower level, to the level that he could even face someone of Rory's power without threatening such a person's life.
As for the wound on his arms, that was nothing to him.
As much as it hurt, he had only had 1st-stage burns, the kind that, with his mana boosting his regeneration, he would no longer have the burn marks the next day.
Vicente was actually a lot stronger than Rory, and he hadn't shown his full potential in that brief match with his best friend!
He sighed and sat down on the floor, unconsciously waving at his water bottle and moving it to his hands.
Vicente looked at that bottle that had very little metal in its constitution and smiled. 'I had forgotten about that...
It seems that I unconsciously only pushed away what was most obviously affected by me. Even at my level, I can choose what I manipulate with my ability!'
Rory looked at Vicente and asked. "Hah... Hah... What do we do now?"
Taking a deep breath, Vicente soon said to Rory. "We're leaving tomorrow morning for Martell Village. After tomorrow night, I want to be back by then to start implementing our plans.
I'll finish this training during the trip in the Crow Woods."
"What about forging? Are you really going to become a blacksmith? That would be a good activity to cover your real position in this society."
Vice smiled. "Yes, I will do that, but only after we start with our plans."
With that said, they rested for the remaining minutes of their time in this room, and at the end of the six-hour period, the two returned to their estate to continue with preparations for their quick trip to Martell Village.



Chapter 64 Magical Beings
The next day, Vicente and his group left Millfall at dawn, setting off in their carriage back to Martell Village to pick up Eve and Nina.
Vicente had been communicating with his sister and Eve through letters since he arrived in Millfall. So he knew what had happened during this time in the village, and they knew the time was approaching for them to move out of the village.
Vicente had already sent a letter in a bird shortly after awakening his powers, warning them to prepare their bags for departure to Millfall.
Vicente's subordinates were also already aware, and those who would not stay in the village to maintain the Fuller family operation locally were prepared for their move.
The construction of the place where these men would work was already well advanced, and soon they would be able to live in that other place that Vicente had bought in Millfall.
With that, everything was ready for this move, and in a matter of hours, Vicente and Rory would arrive in the village!
...
Sometime after leaving Millfall, Vicente's group stopped on the dirt road between that town and Martell Village, noticing a fallen tree trunk in front of their group.
Stopping the carriage a few dozen meters from that trunk, the man commanding the horses frowned while his companions already had weapons in their hands.
Problems like this on roads were classic signs of criminal activity, so they all became alert when observing their surroundings, acting more cautiously.
"Rory, blow up that log," Vice said as he noticed the situation outside the carriage.
Rory and Vicente then left their carriage, with the red-haired young man closing his eyes and activating his ability while the black-haired fellow observed the surroundings.
An orange bow appeared in one of Rory's hands, and an arrow arose in the other as he molded his power to the best of his judgment.
A skill could be used in 'n' different ways. It all depended on its owner's ability to manipulate it and their creativity in thinking of alternative ways to use their powers.
Rory then fired that explosive arrow, making that orange glow move as fast as an ordinary arrow, hitting the middle of that trunk in the blink of an eye.
Then, as it collided with that long piece of wood, which didn't have much mana in it, given the poverty of mana in the area, it exploded, turning it into countless wood fragments.
The wood fragments flew in endless directions, heading for the outskirts of the forest but also for the position of Vicente's carriage.
The yellow pentagram on Vice's forehead shone brightly, and lightning appeared over the group, covering them like a cage of lightning.
All the fragments heading toward the group were destroyed until only dust was left behind. In contrast, the group's personnel remained prepared to act, either with their weapons or magical abilities.
Then, animalistic grunts arose from the surroundings of that area, indicating how many beings were around, probably trying to ambush Vicente's group.
"This sound..."
"Magical creatures?" The most experienced one there exclaimed as Vicente and Rory realized that they would face this kind of creature for the first time.
There were several types of magical creatures in Polaris Realm. There were the simpler ones, animals capable of using mana, usually called beasts. But there were also other types of beings, such as trolls, elves, dwarves, fairies, and giants. The list of beings was long.
In this area of Polaris Realm, the most common were beasts. Still, there were relative sightings of other types of magical beings.
Each race had its own characteristics depending on its origin, with some simply being very strong physically, while others had incredible magical abilities.
This was the case with elves and fairies, beings blessed by mana.
Conversely, Giants were extremely powerful physically but had no control over mana to form spells.
Vicente frowned as he heard the sounds of the beings in the surroundings and prepared himself.
A second later, a group of green creatures with humanoid bodies and strange faces, all of them with big noses and huge mouths that showed their sharp teeth.
Several of them had blood trails on their long arms, showing the signs of the previous log explosion.
They grunted some things to Vicente's group, but there was no way one side could understand the other.
Magical creatures had their ways of communicating with different beings, but for that, one of the two sides had to reach at least the 3rd stage.
Mages could alter their words by infusing mana into them, something that transformed them into a kind of sound understandable to beings of other races.
But with no one there at such a magical stage, neither side could dialog with the other.
"Goblins? Those creatures are scarce in this region!" Rory exclaimed as he held his position on guard.
 "Besides, several of them are Intermediate Apprentices!" Vicente said, looking at the surroundings, counting 15 opponents, 6 of them at that level and 9 at the same level as Rory.
"What do we do, boss?" The oldest of Vicente's men asked, holding his rifle and aiming at the head of one of these creatures.
"What can we do besides kill them all?" Vicente said. "They are in our way, so kill them!"
With his authorization, those men no longer held back and finally squeezed the triggers of their guns, fulfilling the desire each of them had to kill someone that way.
Having weapons was a fantastic thing, but after the initial training, someone with such a powerful artifact in hand, like these men, could sometimes feel a certain desire to kill.
As strong-minded magicians, they would not go out, causing unnecessary massacres. But if a problem came their way and called for the use of these weapons, they would use them with a smile on their faces!
In this situation, they all demonstrated this by pressing the triggers of their weapons and firing at the strongest goblins.
Bang!
Four 'bangs' sounded, and four bodies fell on the outskirts of that narrow passage, where the group of goblins practically surrounded Vicente's carriage.
But even before these green creatures, armed with different kinds of weapons and some even with small armor, tried to escape, Vicente and Rory acted.
As the most talented ones there, who had recently awakened their powers and wished to unleash some of their skills against real enemies, there was no way these two would use their weapons in place of their powers.
Promptly upon hearing his friend, Rory utilized his powers and targeted the weakest enemies, directing several small orange arrows in their direction.
Simultaneously, Vicente felt the attraction of the metallic objects on some of the goblins and smiled, clenching one of his hands as a Red Pentagram appeared around him, and one of those beings began to scream in agony.
Unexpectedly, that goblin dressed in metal armor felt his whole body being clutched by the item around his torso, arms, and legs.
A second later, as the bodies of some of that goblin's companions fell to the ground with punctures in their heads, his face turned extremely red and then exploded.
Boom!
Blood and flesh exploded from inside the head of that Intermediate Apprentice goblin, scaring not only the other green creatures still standing but even the people in Vicente's group.
Gulp!
"What?"



Chapter 65 Back at Home
Seeing Vicente crush a large part of the body of that globin, one of the strongest in the surroundings, the eldest of their group opened his mouth in shock, exclaiming loudly. "What?"
The other weaker ones also saw that, noticing blood and flesh flying toward them.
With no time to react to the unexpected, they all felt parts of their bodies and clothes being stained by the goblin's remains.
While some weaker goblins exploded under Rory's skill, the still-untouched ones didn't think too much and tried to run away.
"Not so fast!" Vicente said before the metallic items on the bodies of those or the other already fallen goblins in the surroundings floated away, quickly changing shape.
Several small spears formed and pierced through those fleeing bodies, marking the end of this group.
Vicente felt the pleasure of using his abilities without limit but also with 100% control over it.
He smiled, looking down at his hands, where he felt most comfortable controlling his ability.
But make a mistake. Vicente could command his first ability with mere thoughts if he so chose.
Seeing the situation resolved, Rory looked at his friend, smiling. "Vice, did you need all that? You just wanted to use some of your skills, right?"
"My bad. I think I got your clothes a little dirty, guys." Vicente put aside the good feeling of using his powers, looking at his men.
But immediately, they said he shouldn't apologize. It was only natural that he should act powerfully against creatures in his path!
Hell, if it was any of them who had this terrifying power, any one of them would have stopped the others in the group from acting and would have dealt with all the enemies by themselves!
"Boss, you are really strong! I didn't know your skill would be this extreme!" One of the younger ones commented, as this was the first time they had all seen Vicente in action.
Vicente smiled but didn't invest in it, quickly changing the subject. "Now that they're dead collect the belongings on those bodies. Bring it all to me."
Minutes later, the group's men piled up all the belongings they managed to take from those bodies and stacked them in 3 piles in front of Vicente and Rory.
In one of them were the coins they had found with those creatures.
Magical creatures valued coins in the same way as magicians.
Not every magical creature was welcomed by magicians, and many were not welcome in cities. But there were some merchants willing to do business with any creatures. So beings like these dead goblins could do business with magicians and other races using coins.
They all knew it was not strange to find coins in creatures like that, and soon Vicente and Rory collected about 5,000 bronze coins and 50 silver coins.
In another pile were the items Vicente manipulated, something he turned into parts of what looked like armor.
He had manipulated it to cover parts of his body, but the purpose of it was not defensive, as one might imagine at first glance!
Rory had quickly realized that. 'These are weapons in Vicente's hands.'
As for the last pile, it contained various kinds of crystals, gems, in general, valuable items, which none of them knew what they were for but which they were aware had value.
Creatures like goblins stole a lot, so these must have been spoils accumulated over time.
With all these items collected, they made their way back to the village.
...
Hours later, the midday sun was already high in the sky when Vicente and Rory's carriage entered the first street of Martell Village.
As they passed the entrance to the village, the two young men observed the old houses of this place through the windows of the carriage, waving to some acquaintances who noticed them on their way to the central part of the village.
Everyone there knew the two, and seeing them back in the village, many couldn't help but smile and say warm words to them.
It was always nice when a young man from the village returned!
This was especially true for the most prominent local merchant, responsible for many of the local jobs of inhabitants unrelated to noble powers.
In this favorable mood, the group arrived before the Fuller estate.
"Eve, we're back," Rory said as he entered the residence's front door in front of Vicente.
Arriving there, the two young men saw a scene that neither of them expected.
 Eve was pressed against a wall, with two men holding her down, while a young blond man was standing in front of her, holding a shotgun in his hands.
This tall, strong, well-dressed young man was not pointing his gun at Eve but rather watching it with a gleam in his eye.
He seemed totally lost in his reveries while his two henchmen looked at the entrance door, where two young men had just stopped after one of them opened it.
Vicente frowned and looked directly at where Eve was, seeing some purple marks around her body.
Rory also changed his expression and ignored the many luggage and boxes in the surroundings to look at the people there.
"Hell, who are you, people? What do you think about coming in here like this?" One of the two men holding Eve against the wall shouted.
The young man finally realized Vice and Rory's entrance there and looked at them. He pointed that gun in his hands at the one who seemed to be stronger, given his Green Magic Gem, and shouted. "You shouldn't go into places without knocking first... Now you will have to die!"
He moved his right index finger on the trigger, mischievously smiling as he imagined the scene that would unfold in front of him.
Bang!
At that instant, a bullet shot toward Rory's chest, giving the young man no time to react.
Clang!
But in the middle of the bullet's path, a solid metallic surface suddenly appeared, blocking this attack that could easily take the life of even an unprepared Senior Apprentice.
Rory paled as he realized what had just happened, knowing the trouble he would have been in if that had hit him.
Gulp!
Vicente ignored his friend's shock and stepped forward.
Instantly after that, the gun in that young man's hands flew out of his hands and turned on its head.
Not only that, the pistols in the hands of those men, being pointed at Eve's head, moved as well, stopping pointed at their napes as they made contact with such a part of those men's bodies.
"It looks like we have a problem here, huh?" Vicente closed his eyes as he had one of his hands in his pocket and the other a little bit forward, in a position that seemed to be holding something.
In front of his dominant hand was a red pentagram, indicating to everyone there that the phenomenon in the surroundings was his doing.
Then, the sounds of those guns being loaded rang out, and those people shivered in fear. "Eve, what happened here? Where is Nina?"



Chapter 66 Betrayal
Upon encountering this sudden change of situation, Eve was silent momentarily but quickly moved away from the two men who had been pressing her moments ago.
She looked at those much stronger men than her, Intermediate Apprentice, moments ago so confident but now sweating in fear of death.
'Bastards!' She thought, but given Vice's questions and the incredible power he was demonstrating, she quickly went to his side and explained.
"Vicente, these people showed up this morning in the village, and sometime after Nina left for the academy, they knocked on our door.
They carried our weapons and demanded information about you and how to make our guns. I don't know who they got these weapons from, but I think that if one of our group of merchants wasn't killed by them, then there is a traitor in our group."
Vicente's eyes narrowed at those words.
"I hope that is not the case. Treason is punishable by death in our family." He reminded his people in the surroundings, where those who had accompanied him and Rory had already entered that house and were aiming their weapons at the three strangers under Vice's aim.
He looked at his men and ordered. "Go to the Academy of Stars and secure Nina's situation. I'll pick her up later."
"Yes, boss!"
"So... So you're the person behind those weapons?" The young blond man with a shotgun pointed at his head asked in a low voice as he heard Vicente's dialog with those people.
Vicente ignored him and asked Eve. "Who are these? I don't know them."
Eve responded. "I only know what they told me minutes ago. From the words of those two, this blond man must be the son of a Baron."
"Baron?" Rory narrowed his eyes, for that would only make everything more complicated.
"That's right. I am Baron Irwin's third son!" The young blond said confidently, feeling he could get away with threatening these people. "Put down your gun immediately, Vicente! If you don't want trouble with a nobleman, hand over the secret of these weapons to me and kneel.
I will consider forgiving your insolence!"
Eve and Rory looked at Vicente in silence, knowing this was a bad way to talk to someone like him. Still, the young descendant of the local nobility had his advantages.
Threatening a noble was a crime throughout the kingdom, something that carried the punishment of magical crippling.
Magical crippling was nothing more than the destruction of the Magical Gem, which led to the loss of one's magical powers.
But Vicente was a criminal who saw no problem going against the laws!
"You have a lot of confidence for a third son. You're not even a noble, but you act like it..." Vicente commented in a deep tone while remaining still. "You won't keep your mouth shut if I let you go. You'll bring me endless trouble as long as you breathe."
Bang!
The shotgun moved, and a glow came from its barrel. In a single instant, it fired a bullet loaded with mana, which went through the head of this descendant of the local nobility.
The two subordinates of Baron Irwin's third son trembled uncontrollably at the sight, not believing Vicente's audacity and coolness in killing someone so calmly.
As the body of that young blond man was falling on the floor, metal sheets flew from Vicente's body, in a single instant covering that now lifeless body, forming a metallic urn.
Eve looked at Vicente with wide eyes, not expecting him to be so decisive.
"That... That was rash! He was the son of a nobleman!" She exclaimed.
Rory closed his eyes and sighed but said nothing.
Vicente explained. "Better dead than alive.
And there is not so much difference between threatening and killing a nobleman's son. Dead, at least he can't talk about us."
"What do you have in mind?" Rory asked, feeling there was no point in questioning what had happened since there was no turning back now.
Vicente pressed the heads of the men under his aim with his two guns a little harder and said. "Speak what you know, or you will suffer the same fate as that fool.
And don't threaten me. I really don't like that."
Gulp!
One of them then opened his mouth. "Senior, don't do that! I'll say anything you want. Just don't kill me!"
"Tell me where you got these weapons from. Was it from one of my men? A traitor?"
 "We found those weapons 2 days ago, near the village, senior. On that occasion, we were traveling to Millfall when we came across a group recently attacked by something.
This group had a few men, some of whom had died in combat. But there were 2 men armed with these weapons.
The young master took an interest in these weapons, and we approached them, attacking them without giving them a chance to defend themselves."
After doing so, they quickly found out where those people were from because of the identity of the merchant who was in that group.
They collected the weapons and went to the village to find out who was behind these weapons and get the method of producing them.
With something like this, their young master could deal with his older brothers and eventually become Baron Irwin!
Even becoming a Viscount would not be out of his reach if he was lucky!
Unfortunately for him, who was in the middle of his path was Vicente...
Vice briefly heard the story and strangely felt like that man was telling him the truth.
He looked at the other man and asked. "Does anyone else in the Irwin family know about these weapons?"
"No! The young master wanted to use it as a secret weapon against his brothers!"
"Good!"
Bang!
Bang!
Two more shots came from those guns, killing the two remaining men.
Vicente looked at Rory and finally answered his friend's question. "The Irwin family wasn't exactly who we were going to attack first in Millfall, but since they might eventually turn against us, we'll act against them first."
The Irwin family was one of the noble houses near this village, which was based in Millfall.
This family had come to the attention of Vicente and Rory before they moved to Millfall, as they both knew about the names of the main noble families in the area.
In Vicente's case, he had first heard about this family through Andrew.
"The Irwin family?" Rory muttered, knowing that this family was not like their previous targets, who were involved in a range of problems that would make them stand alone when they attacked them.
But Vicente had no choice. "Whether we attack the Irwin family or not, they have the potential to become an enemy. In that case, before we make enemies in Millfall, we can simply focus our actions against this house."
Damage control was what Vicente had in mind.
Rory and Eve understood that point, and she asked. "What about those bodies? Killing them in our house can quickly create problems for us."
"But what if they didn't disappear here?" Vicente smiled, thinking of something to solve this situation he had created.



Chapter 67 Necessary Change
As Vicente smiled, Eve and Rory felt the mana in their surroundings change, and the three corpses covered by metal surfaces reappeared, showing their pierced heads.
The Red Pentagram in front of Vicente moved as his right hand manipulated it, and the metals changed shape, attacking those bodies.
Eve and Rory heard the sound of flesh being pierced and watched for a moment what Vicente intended.
But soon, the young redhead realized what his friend's plan was.
"You're not..."
"Yes, I will manipulate their bodies in the light of day," Vicente said while making them stand in front of them as if they were still alive.
Vicente finished placing metals under the bones of these men and used one of them to raise one of his hands and wave it toward them.
"Can you do that?"
Vicente smiled at Rory. "This is nothing. I'm just manipulating the metal I put into their bodies. It's not so different from manipulating metal in the air. The difference is just that I have to be a little careful not to destroy their bodies."
Eve was open-mouthed watching this, still amazed at the abilities Vicente had awakened.
"But what about the punctures in their heads?"
Rory answered in Vicente's place this time. "That's easy. We just put hats on their heads, and no one will see."
"The perforations in their bodies that I made to put my metals in them are under their clothes too, so no one will notice them. Anyway, we'll make them leave the village after leaving our house. We'll dispose of their bodies in the Crow Wood." Vicente added.
"But..."
"Eve, don't worry. While we were on our way here, we were attacked by a group of goblins. We can use that to confuse Baron Irwin's family about the disappearance of one of his sons." Rory commented, seeing that she was worried.
"Goblins? Near the village?"
"We were surprised too," Vicente replied. "But being only the third son, the chances of deep investigations happening are low.
Nobles have a terrible habit of killing their family members and people with whom they have even minor disagreements... There will be many suspects before we are implicated."
With that said, they didn't take long to organize their exit from this place, secretly entering the carriage of the young Irwin family member's group before Vice manipulated them to enter it by themselves.
If someone were paying attention and using their skills to look in their direction, it would be possible for someone to notice that something wrong was going on there. After all, Vicente was using his ability, and the mana in the surroundings was a bit agitated.
But in a village where people were not so suspicious of each other, where there were also no strong or brave people to get involved in disconnected problems with them, no one noticed the action thought up by Vicente and Rory.
In a few minutes, their group left the village and entered the Crow Wood, where they would eventually dispose of those bodies after looting their items.
To be sure, Vicente didn't take any magical artifacts from that young blond man, getting only coins and things that couldn't be tracked.
He naturally retrieved his metals and weapons from those people's belongings, increasing the amount of metal in his armor.
...
After 2 hours, Vicente, Rory, and Eve returned to the village, this time on foot, since they had left behind the carriage and horses of that group.
They made their way around the sides of the village and did their best to reach the main streets without being noticed by anyone.
Cautiously following part of their route, the three soon arrived in front of the Academy of Stars building, where several children could be seen playing.
It was almost time for the students to leave, so they didn't have to wait long, and soon a young girl with black hair, dressed all in black, alongside several men, appeared coming towards them.
Seeing her brother, Nina lost her usual calm manner and ran up to him with a smile on her face, overjoyed to see Vicente back.
"Big brother!" This young girl of about 8 jumped into his arms, looking at her big brother's forehead and feeling very proud.
As much as it was yellow, his Magic Gem was very unusual!
"Big brother, congratulations on awakening your powers!" She said as she felt her brother's bear hug.
"Hmm, Nina, I'm here to take you to Millfall. I know you'd still have a week of classes at the Academy of Stars, but I don't think it would make much difference for you to stay another week. What do you think?" He made several signs as he spoke to her.
Nina immediately agreed with him, eager to go to Millfall, a city much bigger than the village, with much more possibilities for her.
 Nina liked the village, but she preferred bigger cities, places with a lot of movement on the streets and where she wouldn't have to wait for days or venture on the roads to get certain things.
On the other hand, due to her deafness, she didn't have many friendships at the Academy of Stars and would miss almost none of her classmates.
Living in Millfall as soon as possible would also be a fresh start for her!
With his sister's answer, Vice took her in his arms and headed back to his family home along with his guards, Rory and Eve, without touching the subject of those people from earlier.
They would meet some people on the way, but the group would quickly arrive at that residence where other men from Vice's warehouse were already to report for the start of the trip.
While holding Nina in his arms, Vicente looked at those men; they were all well-armed with pistols and rifles. "Guys, start putting our luggage and boxes in the wagons.
I have something to take care of before our departure, but it won't take long. Do as settled, and I'll join you later."
Rory stepped forward and said. "In the meantime, I will take care of you and inform you of some problems..."
Vicente left with his sister, leaving Rory to explain what had happened to one of the groups of merchants under their protection.
In the meantime, he went to the house of one of his allied merchants in this village, interested in talking about it.
Incidents happen, but they should take extra care with people or groups like young Irwin's when traveling.
Vicente had already counted on the possibility of his weapons falling into the hands of strangers in the future, and that did not worry him so much because his weapons needed ammunition.
Without that ammunition, something only he knew how to do since it didn't involve magic, one wouldn't be able to use any of it.
On the other hand, if one puts in more power than the weapon can handle, it could be damaged by the shot.
In short, such weapons falling into the hands of those who should not was not a problem.
The problem was someone getting close to him because of those guns!
So things needed to change in the group's operation!



Chapter 68 Warning and Invitation
Upon arriving at the house of one of the merchants who was a partner in his partnership, Vicente entered that residence without ceremony, going to that man's office.
"Vicente? What are you doing here? I thought we were only going to meet in 2 months!" That man saw the young man with black hair through the glass on one of the walls of his office and got up in surprise from his seat.
Vicente entered the office and said. "We have problems, so I need you to inform our other partners."
"Problems?" This middle-aged man saw the young black-haired man with a little girl in his arms sit down in front of him, but he continued to stand. "What are you talking about? By the way, shouldn't you be in Millfall?"
Vicente got straight to the point. "Colt is dead. While he was returning to the village, a group of men took advantage of his weakened group after an attack and eliminated them because of their guns."
"What?" That man turned pale upon hearing that, even ignoring the unique Magic Gem on Vicente's forehead.
Vicente deepened his speech, aware of who had died and lost their weapons to young Irwin's group, as his men had already updated him on who was closest to the village in the last few days. "I just killed the people who did that, so, for now, we are safe, and there should be no more guns out of our control. But we need some changes in our methods, or something like this will happen to the rest of the groups."
That man was silent for a moment, his mouth hanging open. "Colt, did he really die? But why? Just because of the guns?"
"It is not safe to leave weapons in sight when they are not being used. You and my men in your group should learn from that lesson. When you need them, use your weapons quickly and put them away. There will be people interested in them, capable of killing you if you are not careful."
Gulp!
"What do we do now?" He understood Vicente's recommendation, but he was still worried.
"Don't think too much about what happened to Colt. I'll take care of the problem, and every trip has its risks, so things haven't changed much for us." Vicente replied as he stood up. "Anyway, I have some plans that might help us concerning that. But it will take a few months for that to pay off, so for now, be careful.
Anyway, I will absorb most of Colt's business into my part of the partnership, but I will give some of his contracts to you. Expect contact from my people in a couple of weeks."
"OK." This fellow said, not caring how Vicente wanted to handle it.
But he couldn't help complimenting the shape of this young man's gem. "By the way, congratulations on your awakening. I see you have achieved something good in Millfall... Do you intend to use it to develop our society?"
This merchant, as well as the others in their society, did not know about Vicente's criminal plans. But they knew that the move to Millfall was a sign that their society leader intended to raise the group's operations.
"Hmm, I will soon begin talks with local Millfall families. You and the others will be informed of what I accomplish when something is set."
With those words, Vicente set off back to his home.
A mere warning to his group of merchants to be more careful and change their modus operandi a bit was enough for now. Besides, they only needed to know that he would develop something to help them further regarding their weapons.
Since they didn't need to know the details, Vicente was soon back at his family's home, where the boxes and bags earlier in its main hall had already been largely put into the group's wagons that would be leaving in a few moments.
Seeing his people finishing preparing the vehicles that would leave for Millfall, Vicente left Nina with Eve and collected some more metal items, adding a bit more to his armor.
Unfortunately, he couldn't put much more weight on this armor since he himself didn't have much physical strength to carry much weight.
The best he could do was to carry about 10 kilograms on his body and order his men to carry a few metal items with them as well.
Besides that, he could only rely on whatever metals opponents carried to protect himself and ensure his group's survival in combat.
But Vicente wasn't so worried about not having metals to use. In a world where everyone had coins on them, he would always have something to count on!
But he already had some ambitious plans for the future.
One of them was to acquire a metal carriage.
Anyway, after he gave metallic items to his staff, someone arrived at his residence, disrupting Vicente's plans a bit.
"Vicente... Are you here?" A voice that this young man and Rory knew well sounded, and they both frowned, recognizing the voice of their old teacher from their academy days.
Hearing that, Vicente looked at the necklace around his neck, which he had received from Julian.
Looking at that silver item in the shape of a half-moon, Vicente frowned. He realized that as much as it looked like metal at first glance, he couldn't feel any connection to it.
"Professor Julian, what are you doing here? I didn't expect to find you in the village." Rory saw that strict teacher, who supposedly had left the village 2 years ago after getting a job in a better academy in a big city in the province.
Julian greeted Rory and Vicente and said. "I've been in the village since you left for Millfall."
Eve nodded and said. "Vicente, Julian looked for you right after you left. He came here two days after your group departed."
"You came to the village for me?" Vicente found that odd.
 "No," Julian laughed. "I came because I got a job opportunity for my sister, who still works at the Academy of Stars. But I took the opportunity to look you up.
Anyway, hearing that you were in the village, I decided to come and talk to you."
"What do you want, Professor?" Vicente hadn't found out anything about that item yet, since he hadn't had the time or opportunity to do so, then he was curious.
"First, congratulations on awakening your powers. I was curious to see you again, as you were my best student, as I told you before.
I am glad to see such a distinctive Magical Gem in you, Vicente." He said sincerely. "However, I also have an opportunity for you.
I am currently working at the province's second-largest academy, which has access to Seidel Magic College.
Vicente, why don't you accompany me to Ironcrest? I'm sure you can enter the competition for a seat at Seidel Magic College with this Magic Gem.
Even with a Yellow-grade talent, you certainly have what it takes to achieve a place in the most renowned magical institution in the kingdom!"
As a dedicated teacher, Julian had not forgotten Vicente and wanted to see his student again after the awakening to judge whether or not his theories were correct.
As he could see, he was right!
So he couldn't help but invite this young man, hoping he could take him to a higher level of magic.
"Oh? So you're here to invite me?" Vicente smiled at Julian. "Unfortunately, I will have to decline. I have plans that would prevent me from going down such a road, Professor."



Chapter 69 Returning to Millfall
"Eh? Are you sure?" Julian asks in a surprised tone.
As a teacher, he had talked to each of his students at the time of the academy about their future. But what he had done back then was something to open the minds of young people to the possibilities available to them, not something with a definitive purpose of making them choose a path.
The answer Vicente had given him at the time had not worried Julian, and he had merely thought it was a boy's childish desire.
But now, hearing a similar response from Vicente, Julian couldn't help but be surprised to see someone with so much potential say those words.
"Yes, I believe the academic path Professor Julian believes is good is indeed necessary and useful for people who do not know what they want from their lives. But I know what I want and need to do, so I don't see myself returning to academic life." Vicente gave a complete answer to this man, knowing that as a teacher, Julian would insist on convincing him otherwise if he did not have a good motivation.
One could learn anywhere, as long as one had interest and access to materials.
What academies and colleges did was help young people, uncertain about what to do, organize their time, and give them material to work with. Following this, one would eventually find their way or at least acquire a primary activity to support oneself, something essential for oneself and society.
But investing his time in a place like the Seidel Magic College could be a waste of time and resources for someone who knew what they wanted and had the methods to achieve it.
Julian knew that as a merchant, Vicente had a way to support himself and grow, for he had inherited not only his father's business but all the knowledge Andrew had passed on to him over 11 years. When he heard the answer from this young black-haired man, he didn't think it was an answer from someone trying to run away from responsibility.
But he had to insist a little before giving up!
"Are you sure about that, Vicente? I didn't want to have to say much because I'd rather you try to get into the Seidel Magical College out of your ambition. But your old friend Ian has almost got a place at that institution.
From what I hear, he has recently awakened his magical abilities. With his good grades at the Saltstar City Royal Academy, he has a good chance of getting a place at the kingdom's college." Julian said, somewhat surprising Vicente and Rory, who hadn't heard from Ian in quite a while.
"Is that true?" Rory asked as a smile formed on his face.
Julian looked at Rory and saw the green gem on this young man's forehead, which was striking him as much as the shape of Vicente's gem. He said. "Yes, I was lucky enough to meet with his older sister in Ironcrest and hear about his situation.
He has done very well in his journey at the Royal Academy. As for his form and magical talent, unfortunately, when I spoke to his sister, he had not yet awakened his powers."
"I see..."
"Good for him." Vicente smiled, happy for his friend. "If fate has something for us, we will see Ian again. But I don't intend to enter the Seidel Magical College just because of him.
I'm sorry, Professor, I'll have to disappoint you about that. But thank you for caring and also telling us about Ian."
As he felt Vicente directing him towards the exit of the house, Julian sighed in defeat, feeling he could only give up.
"If you don't intend to study further to develop your powers, what will you do, Vicente? I at least want to know where the most talented young man the village had given birth will go." Said Julian, totally disregarding the color of Rory's Magic Gem.
The kind of talent he was referring to was not concerning magical practice but basic knowledge and the rational ability to analyze problems and find solutions.
This kind of talent would differentiate the magician who, for example, would create new spells and fantastic things from the magician who would only use these things to get stronger and has more practicality in their lives.
Rory might have the talent for magical cultivation. Still, Vicente certainly had the greatest potential to revolutionize anything in this world between the two.
Vicente said with a smile. "I will take my father's business to a level he never dreamed possible. I will provide the best foundation for my younger sister and one day bring honor to the Fuller name. I will die satisfied if I can accomplish only that, Professor."
On hearing this reply, Julian was silent, understanding what Vicente meant, imagining this young man had suffered greatly from the death of his parents.
This young man was very talented, but his life had so much tragedy. Perhaps it would be better if he did not develop to the limit. Otherwise, catastrophic things could be created by his hands!
"I see... Well, I hope you and Nina will be alright. Millfall is not a bad place to live." With those words, Julian took his leave, hearing from Vicente that they would still meet to talk about that necklace one day, but it wasn't time for that to happen yet.
"Ian's going to pursue a career within the royal family, huh?" Rory muttered next to Vicente as the two watched Julian disappear down that street.
"I didn't expect that." Vicente grinned, wondering what that fellow was up to. "Anyway, I hope he succeeds in his purposes. If we meet him in the world one day, we'll drink together."
"Yes, perhaps he will introduce us to some royalty girls... Would you like to taste a princess, Vice?" Rory smiled as he looked at his friend.
"You want to kill us..." Vicente laughed, but internally, he couldn't help but imagine the beautiful princesses of Seidel, who were said to be the most beautiful young women in the state.
He was practically an adult by local standards, and without the hormonal pattern of a child, something that had made him feel less desire for certain things for years, he was slowly returning to have worldly desires...
Too bad he didn't have much time to think about it for the moment, nor did he know anyone who interested him.
But like Rory, he had impure thoughts and a desire to be with beautiful young women, like the famous princesses.
"We'll think about it later. Ian should be fine. It's us who might not get far if we're not careful, my friend." He said before taking Nina in his arms again and getting into his carriage with Rory and Eve.
 With that, when it was almost early evening in this part of Scott Province, three carriages and four wagons departed from Martell Village with the Fuller family group!



Chapter 70 Start of Plans for Millfall
In the early hours of the following day, the Fuller family's group of seven vehicles made their way through the nearly deserted streets of Millfall, arriving in this town after hours of travel.
Unlike the trip to Martell Village, they had not been ambushed by any magical creatures and had arrived in relative peace.
Nina was already asleep when they entered the first local street. Still, the rest of the group was awake, especially Vicente's men, who would be moving here with his family.
As Vicente sighed that they had reached this place without anything worse happening, he looked at Rory and asked, "Have you seen your mother? How was she?"
"Yes, one of our men went to see her, and she saw me while you were out. Anyway, she's fine. She said she'd visit us occasionally, but she also told us to be careful what we do.
According to her, we're only Apprentices and too far away from the minimum to not be in danger in anything we do."
"Hmm, she is not wrong. We can't go head-to-head with some local powers with our current strength. At best, we can act in secret and try to grow in the meantime." Vicente muttered.
At the moment, his plans were not to take on known criminal groups nor to act openly against anyone, be it nobles or bandits.
Their goal was to begin integrating into the local underworld, get closer to the people relevant to their operations, and earn coins from the robberies and services they would soon be offering.
With these coins, they planned to support the group's development with new weapons and magically grown items.
With the right resources, growing wouldn't be so hard!
"What do we do now?" Eve asked.
"First, let's rest." Vicente smiled as he looked at Eve. "Tomorrow afternoon, we will begin our plans. We have to take over the business of the merchant killed by Baron Irwin's son, so I want you to take care of that with our men, Eve.
In the meantime, Rory and I will take care of the plans of action against House Irwin and our local businesses. With part of our group in Millfall, we'll be able to offer protection to anyone willing to pay."
"Won't that attract attention?" She asked.
"No, because we'll only be offering it to a few stores. Small shops, by the way." Rory answered her doubt.
Vicente told her. "In Millfall, as in many areas of the kingdom, powerful and evil people do as they please.
The royal law does not apply to them as it does to ordinary people. Not only do they have the power to flee and escape punishment, but royalty and nobility themselves benefit from these organizations operating in the underworld."
Vicente gestured to her. "On the one hand, the state could try to act against these forces, wasting a lot of time chasing countless people, using not only resources but also talents, as royal guards would surely die. Meanwhile, they would not focus their time on what is more relevant, such as the official business of the kingdom.
On the other hand, the powers can turn a blind eye to some attitudes, have time to concentrate on what is most important, and still receive "incentives" not to persecute certain people.
For the powerful, the second option is much more interesting as long as their interests are not affected. So, Millfall society has important loopholes for us to act on.
But it's not going to be a group of a few low-level magicians that's going to get attention, Eve. We'd have to take over all of Millfall to cause the kind of upheaval you're worried about. Yet, we're only going to be offering our services to less than 0.05% of this society in the short term."
They were small, weak, so weak that they had the advantage that no one was watching them.
Even if they acted, what would be the first thought of anyone who noticed them? These are just a few weak young people trying to survive.
Who would think they would plan more?
Vice and Rory wanted to use the arrogance of others and the fact that they would be underestimated to grow where hardly anyone was looking.
No one in this society cared about making cities safer places to live and work. For the institutions in power, allowing this world to be chaotic was more convenient and more advantageous!
With that in mind, Eve no longer questioned them and remained silent until they arrived at the house where she would live with Nina and Vicente.
Once there, Vicente's men would quickly drop off the family's boxes and bags before everyone went to rest for the start of their plans.
...
Late afternoon of the next day...
After resting for hours and having a great lunch next to Eve, Nina, and Rory, Vicente and the young red-haired man left the two girls to take care of their local business.
In the following days, they would go to where their group would be operating in this town to make the necessary adjustments regarding their plan against the Irwin family. Still, for now, the two moved to a local store.
Vicente's men had been to this place before and had talked to the owner about a few things. But nothing deep had been decided or discussed.
Arriving at a tavern, the two dodged the people in their way and went to the area where men were drinking or eating.
 "What will it be, young men?" An overweight man with a protruding belly and a lot of hair asked as he draped a dishcloth over his shoulders.
Vicente looked at the Orange Magic Gem of this person before saying, "Nothing for now. I'm looking for someone named Zander Bell."
"Zander? What do you want with my brother?"
The middle-aged, black-haired man asked in surprise, not expecting such young men to come looking for Zander.
"We're here to talk business. Some of my men helped the senior with some troublemakers earlier. Since I have been busy, I could not come here to discuss our proposal." Vicente got right to the point, talking about what he had asked his men to do.
This was a violent society, and in a tavern like this, trouble that caused losses to the owners was not uncommon.
Vicente had had his men keep an eye on a few places around Millfall, and it was in one of those places that a fight had broken out in the presence of those men.
In that situation, one of Vicente's men helped the establishment owner take care of the troublemakers and prevent damage to the tavern.
His men had not charged anything for the help but had opened a dialogue for a future partnership, as they would soon be available after "finishing a job" and could help protect the tavern.
The tavern owner had been interested, as he was not a talented magician, and magicians did not usually offer this kind of simple service.
Guards and mercenaries preferred to sell their protection on journeys and the like, which usually had better rewards. Being a guard for such an establishment didn't pay much. Thus, there was an extreme shortage of people willing to provide such a service locally.
Not only that but of those who were willing, most were very weak and ill-equipped, meaning it was not worth the cost of hiring them.
But things were different for Vicente's men, who had been trained in his techniques and had weapons on their side!
The man smiled and said, "So it's you! Please come this way. I will call my brother to speak with you.



Chapter 71 The Proposal
The man who greeted them led them to a room in the back of the tavern, smiling as he said, "Your men helped us a lot that day. If not for them, half the tavern would have been destroyed, and we would have lost up to 10 gold coins!
So I really appreciate what your men did. It saved us from having to close our business."
"Oh? Are you doing badly?" Rory asked, frowning.
As someone who wanted to sell his services, it would suck if his potential first customer went bankrupt!
This man called River said in a more serious tone. "Things are complicated for people like us, young man. Our tavern has good customers, people who have been coming here for decades, and I'm confident in saying that we have the best beer in town.
But having good products is not enough. Some customers sometimes lose control of their actions and cause us losses. Since some of them are people from a higher class than us, sometimes we don't have the option to ask for compensation, and these people don't always have the good sense to pay us for what they destroy.
In addition, there are petty criminals who harm our tavern and other small businesses. Who do we complain to? The Royal Guard, who is subservient to the groups behind these rats?
Tsk, that's why it's hard to grow and compete with places patronized by the local nobility."
Vicente and Rory looked at each other when they heard this, seeing that the situation of these brothers was not good and needed to be fixed, but this was just the kind of favorable situation for them to gain customers!
River said before showing his brother's office to the young men. "Because of these losses we have from time to time, we hardly make any profit even after decades of operation.
We only continue this business because we don't know how to do anything else. But if another incident happens, we may not be able to continue our business."
"I see," Vicente commented as he sat on a sofa beside Rory.
"We will try to help you. We don't have enough to guarantee that more trouble won't catch up with you, but we have enough to at least try." Rory said.
The man smiled upon hearing this and said nothing until Zander arrived after being informed of the young men's visit.
A man similar to the one who had received them appeared at the room's door and entered, speaking. "Are you Vicente and Rory? I heard about you from one of your men."
Looking at the man a little taller than River, a level 2 Acolyte, Vicente, and Rory stood up to greet him.
River and Zander were stronger in magic cultivation than Vicente and Rory. However, the magic forms of these two young men were focused on combat. In contrast, the forms of the brothers behind this tavern were compatible with cooking.
In particular, Zander was a beverage specialist, while his younger brother was a cook.
Their mana was many times denser than those two young men's, but they could not use combat spells, and even if they strengthened their bodies, they would not fight well.
They even had a lot of strength, moved well, etc., but directing their powers incorrectly, they didn't know how to battle.
Vicente and his people, though weaker, could do more in battle than these men. That was the difference in their abilities!
"Yes, nice to meet you," Vicente said with Rory.
"So, one of your men told me that you are willing to work with us. Is that true?" Zander asked, getting straight to the point since there were often trouble and attacks by criminals in his tavern, and the sooner he got partners, the less chance his business would end.
"Yes, we can work with you and put some of our men at your disposal," Vicente said. "My purpose is not only to prevent the deterioration of your tavern but also to allow you to open for more hours a day. I heard you close the tavern at sunset. Is that true?"
River, still there, nodded affirmatively. "Yes. After dark, the chances of establishments like ours being damaged increase greatly.
As corrupt as the guards are, they still protect the city during the day. But at night, we are pretty much on our own, so we usually close the tavern and only open at dawn."
Rory saw the big problem with this place. If the tavern worked like that, it probably missed the best hours when many workers and people were free to go out and eat and drink.
His mother had a brothel. He knew that people frequented places at night much more than during the day.
Rory then said, "We can put some of our men here, but you will have to pay for their food while they are here. As for our wages, we won't ask for much, just 1 gold coin a month."
"1 gold coin?" The brothers asked at the same time.
"How many men are we talking about?" Zander asked first.
"Two or three, depending on how busy your tavern is. More than that, we would double the price." Rory replied.
'But that's too cheap!' River looked at his brother, knowing it wouldn't even pay for an ordinary person to work as a guard in a place like this.
But Vicente and Rory were talking about 2 or 3 men!
Zander liked to make good deals, but he was suspicious when things were too good.
 He asked. "What would you get out of it? I doubt that you would be able to pay those men with those sums."
Vicente replied. "In Seidel Kingdom, you have the right to protect your property. As much as there are ways for troublemakers to try to act against the punishments or rules of other people's property, an owner cannot be punished in broad daylight by the rules of his business.
From now on, anyone who causes trouble in your tavern will be stopped by our men and have their items collected as punishment for breaking the establishment's rules.
We will take what criminals and troublemakers have if they dare to come here. That's what we get."
"Their belongings?" Zander and River were surprised to hear that.
"Are you sure? Many troublemakers are arrogant, but they have their reasons for being arrogant. Won't that be a problem for us?" River asked, more concerned about his business having more trouble than the safety of Vicente's men.
"To that end, we will form a group of mercenaries to stand behind the men you will receive from us," Rory said. "Then any trouble will come to us first and not to you."
Vicente agreed. "We will take care of those who want deeper trouble because of the punishments we mete out. Anyway, our income will come from that. But eventually, we will raise the price of our services if you manage to increase your profits because of our help.
We can renegotiate the prices when you start getting results. What do you think?"



Chapter 72 Agreement at Millfall
In theory, Vicente and Rory's idea could work very well at first. But two things could happen once people realized the danger of causing trouble in the establishments their people guarded.
One, there would be fewer incidents, which would cause their financial returns to plummet. The other would be more trouble, and a higher level crisis would hit them.
In the first case, Vicente's group could continue to operate only by adjusting the monthly fee. In the second case, they would have more work and, therefore, more income.
Stronger enemies usually had more resources, so as the risks increased, so did the returns.
In this situation, they would either be able to withstand the pressure or not, which would lead to the extinction of their group or to peace and a consequent increase in the price of their fees.
Vicente made it clear that this would happen eventually.
He wasn't going to plan for his demise, so he could only plan how his business would work.
"How much would the adjustment be?"
"We'll see about that when we go to renegotiate. But don't worry. It won't be anything you can't afford." Rory replied.
If their service worked and the time came to renegotiate this agreement, then these brothers could work longer hours and have fewer losses from bandits and troublemakers.
Some of the savings would have to be used to pay the guards in the future.
But that would be the cost of making a different profit than they currently had.
The two brothers looked at each other and realized there was no hitch in the two boys' proposal. It would cost them very little in the short term, but eventually, they would have to pay fair value for the service.
But that was not a bad thing. With this arrangement, they could continue to have their tavern as long as things went well!
As for the dangers involved, if they did nothing and lost their business, they could face much greater dangers.
There was slavery in this society. If someone could not pay their debts, the one behind the loan could file a claim with a royal guard post and take the freedom of those in arrears.
It was easy for someone with large debts to lose their freedom, but the opposite was highly complex.
Knowing this and their debt, Zander and River were more than willing to go through with Vicente and Rory's proposal.
"Very well, I agree." The older brother said. "When do we start? What about the payments?"
"We'll start tomorrow. Your opening hours are almost over today, so let's leave it until tomorrow." Vicente expressed. "As for the payment, that can be done after the service. That is, at the end of each month of service, you must pay us for the continuity of our operations."
"Oh? That's fine then." River smiled, glad he wouldn't have to hand over a gold coin right away.
A gold coin might not be much for nobles or successful magicians, but for ordinary, low-level people, it was an amount that could take weeks to gather.
Even if these brothers had a trade, they still had their debts to pay, so not having to worry about this amount right away would be a relief.
With that decided, they soon signed a Magical Agreement between the four of them, sealing the terms and conditions already discussed.
After that, Vicente and Rory left the tavern and went to the second place they wanted to try. But unlike Zander and River's shop, the other place had not experienced the help of one of their men...
...
By the end of the day, night had taken over the sky above Millfall as Vicente and Rory finished their attempts at local businesses.
They couldn't find the second shopkeeper they were looking for, so they only had the deal with Zander and River for now.
On their way back to the Fuller residence, Vicente and Rory were walking through downtown Millfall when they came across the Millfall Blacksmiths Association building.
The association was an institution present in several states of the continent, a non-military, non-profit organization whose purpose was to develop blacksmith's art in the Polaris Realm.
But there was no charity in this world. To join this institution, one could not simply ask to learn.
The association did not teach its members how to forge but rather helped them develop by providing an environment of dialogue, books that could be rented or purchased, and access to resources that were difficult to find.
To become a member of the association, one would first have to find a master, learn the art, and then be recommended by their master. If one passed the membership test, one could enjoy the benefits of being recognized as a de facto blacksmith not only within the group but also in society.
A blacksmith could not sell their services without membership because no one would pay for an unclassified blacksmith.
Seeing the place and already knowing about it, Vicente paused for a moment and thought about how he could get into such a group.
 "You will have to show your skills to a blacksmith, Vice. Without that, it will be difficult for someone to take you as a student." Rory realized what his friend was thinking.
Just like ordinary professionals like Vicente's father, blacksmiths wouldn't take just anyone as a disciple, and they usually wouldn't have many students under their tutelage.
A blacksmith would never call youths to be their apprentice if they didn't see their skills, so potential students had to run after the masters and try to catch the attention of one.
Thinking about Rory's words, Vicente was sure of that. "Not exactly my skill, but the result of it." He said in a low voice.
"What will happen if I ask a local blacksmith to evaluate my armor?" He smiled, knowing his creation would catch someone's eye since it had not been handcrafted using the usual forging techniques.
"That's a good alternative... But who? Having a famous teacher can get you into trouble, as masters usually want their students to follow them and compete.
On the other hand, a little-known, low-level master might not be enough for you to learn what you need." Rory raised this question.
"We will look for the blacksmith Aaron told us about. We'll ask him about the best blacksmiths in town and see if we can find one that would best help us with our plans." Vicente muttered as he walked back to his house.
But as soon as they started walking again, a voice called his name.
"Vicente?" A voice that the black-haired boy had heard before came from the association building and caught his attention.
"Hmm?" Turning to see who it was, Vicente saw the young man, Lukas, who had exchanged a few words with him during Rory's awakening. "You... You were that person in the Awakening Temple!"
"Yes, Lukas." He said, helping Vicente to remember his name. "It looks like you awakened your powers, huh?"
The blond young man looked closely at the gem on Vicente's forehead, ignoring the color and concentrating on its unusual shape.
"Interesting... I've never seen a gem like yours before." He muttered before saying. "Vicente, how about we take a walk around? You were looking at the Blacksmith's Association, right?"



Chapter 73 I want to make contacts
"You... Were you listening to our conversation?" Rory looked at the young blond man, who had an unusual magical gem on his forehead, green like his own.
Lukas' magical shape was very distinct, much like a sledgehammer, something hard to see around, as it completely escaped the geometric pattern usually found around the kingdom.
"No, I just saw you two talking while looking in the direction of the club." Lukas smiled at Rory. Then he looked at Vicente. "Fate has brought us together again, so I can't pass up the opportunity for us to talk.
I won't lie to you. With such a different gem, it would be ridiculous for me not to try to approach someone I've talked to before."
Vicente looked at the young man and narrowed his eyes.
This was a complicated society, but just like on Earth, one's contacts could take them further or further away, hurt them, or help them.
Lukas was interested in what Vicente could do and achieve with his magical form. He didn't have to say that out loud. But the same could be said for Vice.
Vice knew very few people in Millfall and relied heavily on Aaron and his own luck to make new contacts. Then wouldn't it be interesting to expand his reach with a young man with great potential, as was the case with Lukas?
"Hmm, let's talk while we walk. We have a few free minutes." Vicente said, leading the way to Lukas.
"By the way, this is Rory, my friend and business partner."
"Nice to meet you, Rory. I'm Lukas Oak."
Rory greeted this young blond man, a Senior Apprentice, who didn't seem much older than he and Vicente.
After a brief introduction, Vicente asked. "Since you are so open about your goals, I won't hide the fact that working with young talent like you would also benefit me. What kind of things are you involved in?"
Lukas nodded positively, knowing this should be the case. He answered. "I am a 1st stage blacksmith, so what I do is somewhat obvious. However, unlike most local blacksmiths, I am not part of a blacksmith's family."
Magical form and talent were closely tied to the genetic heritage of magicians. So you would normally find families of blacksmiths, alchemists, and so on.
There could be cases where a blacksmith had children with an alchemist, creating a family with multiple talents. But the most common thing was that similar people got together to form families that focused on specific skills.
This was a way to strengthen their genetics and increase the family's position within a particular specialization.
Often, the family patriarch would choose mates for their sons and daughters who followed the family's compatibility.
This had several social implications, but in particular, it was responsible for the concentration of power in the hands of certain groups rather than diffusing that power throughout society.
In this case, because he was not part of a blacksmith family and had a different skill set than his family members, Lukas did not have the same support and favorable conditions that many of his competitors had.
"As you can imagine from someone in my position, I need more friends than enemies, or I'll have problems."
Lukas was an outgoing person from an early age. But after his awakening 3 years ago, he learned how hard it was not to have proper support. Thus, he developed more social skills.
He was a threat to the young talents of the established powers, so more than his competitors, he needed to make friends and allies.
"So that's why..." Vicente said, understanding Lukas' reasons for being so open and approachable with strangers.
"Does your family have any special background? I mean, are these talents of yours above average or just different in form from what one normally finds in your family tree?" Rory asked.
"I'm a little more talented than the people in my family. As for their magical form, it is related to alchemy." Lukas said.
His family members were alchemists, which could be good at first sight since he would still have good support to grow in this society. But his family members were people with yellow talents, lower than his.
What did that mean? They could hardly provide him with all the opportunities he would need to develop his potential.
Lukas realized this the next day after his awakening. Since then, he had started looking for friends and potential future allies.
He had approached many people in Millfall since then, just as he was doing now with Vicente. His purpose for the moment? It is simple to have options available, if possible, to give aid in anticipation of a later return.
He did not simply believe that these people would help him in the future. But by acting sincerely and with no intention of harming anyone, he believed he would at least have people to propose more profound agreements to in the future.
Lukas was not stupid. He would not propose a deal to Vicente, a stranger he knew nothing about. He just wanted to leave that 'door' open for the sake of his own future.
"What about you guys?" He asked them both.
"Rory and I have magical forms of combat. And we are merchants." Vicente said.
In this society, talking about your specialty wasn't a problem. It didn't say much about a person.
 "Two merchant warriors," Lukas muttered.
"But I think I also have an affinity for the forge," Vicente commented.
There were cases of magicians who could actually have two specializations.
The most common thing to see was not that. In general, people were totally focused on one area, as in the case of the brothers from the tavern Vicente had passed earlier.
But some skills useful for alchemy, for example, could also be useful in combat. A person with flame-related powers could use their affinity with the element of fire to make pills and potions but also to fight.
Not every such ability would lead to an affinity with two specializations. Yet, it was possible, and there were several cases like Vicente's in Polaris Realm, although they were the minority.
"Oh? Is that true?" Lukas looked more seriously into Vicente's eyes. "Is that why you seemed so interested in the association?"
Rory nodded along with Vicente.
Lukas smiled and asked, "Who is your master? Do you already know how to forge?"
"No, I don't have a master yet. All I know for now is my affinity for forging." Vicente said before showing the armor he was wearing. "I made this armor myself."
Since Lukas was a blacksmith, there was no reason why Vicente wouldn't use this opportunity to get names of blacksmiths who could accept him as a student!
"You made it?" Lukas' eyes narrowed as he studied the armor closely, noticing details he hadn't noticed before, as this item didn't seem to be of a high level.
But as he looked more closely, he couldn't help but notice some strange signs. 'This... But how was it put together? More importantly, how does he take it off?'



Chapter 74 Contact Made
"That... You did that? But how is that possible?" Lukas asked as his face twitched.
Rory smiled as he saw the young blacksmith's expression.
Vicente said. "I won't go into details, but it has to do with my magical form. Anyway, I assure you that I am not lying. I made this armor, but I must say that I have no knowledge of forging, and I did not make it for defensive purposes."
Lukas didn't understand the last part of what Vicente said, but it was obvious that this black-haired guy did not know forging. There were several flaws in the structure of the armor, not only things that would prevent one from taking the armor off and putting it back on but also things that would make it weak defensively.
But it didn't matter what problems there were with this armor. If he made it himself, he definitely has potential as a blacksmith. Lukas thought and said, "I see. Well, since you don't have a master, I can refer you to some acquaintances.
I'm only an apprentice, so you won't have any advantage with them because of me. You'll have to convince one of them by showing your skills. Whether you get a good master will depend on your skills.
Rory liked what he heard. "That will help us a lot. What do you want in return?"
"As I said, I want friends and contacts who are willing to do business with me in the future. For now, I don't want anything, just remember me. If we are compatible, we will certainly do something together in the future."
He didn't know how to use his contact with these two to improve his position. From what they had said, they did not belong to a powerful family and were on their own.
In that case, even if they were talented, they would have to develop on their own before they had the potential to positively influence Lukas' forging journey.
But that could change quickly, so Lukas wanted them to be available to him.
Vicente considered this and agreed. He sincerely preferred to pay his debts, but debts had to be made in a society like this.
To get deals and access to certain places, he would have to have a lot of influence or resources. But at the moment, he had nothing, so he could only promise Lukas.
"All right, we'll keep our doors open for you in the future, Lukas. Who do you have in mind to help me?" Vice asked.
Lukas said without hesitation. "About that, I know 5 blacksmiths who take students in Millfall."
Not every professional teaches. There were many who learned and would not have disciples for long, either because they lacked the aptitude to teach or because they had no interest in passing on their knowledge.
"Of these five, only two are Mages, and the rest are level 4 and 5 Acolytes. One of those two is my master, but I'm sorry to tell you that he's not accepting new disciples at the moment. Otherwise, I would refer him to you.
I also heard that Mr. Wood would be out of town for the next few months, leaving 3 names.
The first is Landon Fraser, a level 4 Acolyte, my master's first apprentice. He is said to be one of the most talented 2nd-stage blacksmiths in the city. But he is also the weakest of the three I can name.
The second is Zane Smith. He's been at the peak of the 2nd stage for several years now, so he can become a Mage in no time. However, as a member of a renowned blacksmith family, he is naturally more selective with his students.
Last but not least is Benson King. He is the second 3rd stage blacksmith in the city, a man who is said to have grown up on his own as a blacksmith and does not get involved in local disputes.
Anyway, those are the names. Other blacksmiths in Millfall accept students, but my master considers these to be the most talented, the only ones he would pay attention to as rivals or potential elders in the association.
Lukas smiled and added, "Landon would be my choice, but I am suspicious of saying that."
"Hmm, thanks for the information. I'll look for these people and see who has more affinity with me." Vicente said and put the names in his head.
"Right. If you need potions and magic pills, look for Ava in the Oak Supply Store and mention my name. She will help you." Lukas said before saying goodbye. "Anyway, look me up if you manage to get into the association, Vicente. We can exchange information and favors."
"Sure. See you later."
As they said their goodbyes, Vicente and Rory quickly returned home, chatting about it.
"What do you think of him? Reliable?" Rory asked.
"I can't say for sure, but given his sincerity, I don't see any problems for now... When we get home, have our men do some research on these blacksmiths. Let's see who they are and where they live." Vicente said just before they entered his house.
"Lukas seems to be the kind of person who knows a lot of people like us without the support or with the willingness to work with people outside their own family. Having contact with him won't be bad."
When they got home, they would soon have dinner with Eve and Nina and talk about what they had done in the previous hours.
Vicente would spend some time with his little sister until she fell asleep and then focus some of his time on meditating. With his magical powers under control, he needed to begin increasing the mana in his being.
The easiest way to do this was to use his energies in training and then rest or eat resources with mana.
He would spend some time doing this while Eve would use some of her time off from her responsibilities with Nina to give orders to some of the personnel in her group.
Rory had told her about the deals he and Vicente had made with the two brothers earlier, so she immediately gave the orders to the men who would be working in the tavern the next day.
 ...
The night passed, and another day dawned in Millfall.
Vicente awoke from his hours of sleep just as dawn broke and hurried down to the kitchen of his house to grab something to eat before heading out.
Today, he would meet Aaron to talk about the Irwin family!
Rory was up too, having slept there last night, and when he saw Vice coming to get something to eat, he asked. "What are we going to do with this family?"
"We're going to look for business. We are merchants, after all." Vicente smiled before biting into an apple.
"What about the robbery?" Rory asked in a quiet voice.
"We'll see about that after we gain access to this family's residence. Anyway, with my skills, I think it will be easier than we thought to break in and steal."
"Really?"
"Don't worry. We'll have time to think about it. Over the next few weeks, we'll work on the robbery plan while we develop our operations in this tavern and other places. This is just the beginning, my friend."
Vicente smiled before they finished up and headed out for another day of trying to do business but also to get in contact with the Irwin family.



Chapter 75 The First Problem
Four days later...
Vicente and Rory had spent the last few days negotiating with local business owners like Zander and gathering information from Aaron about the Irwin family.
In relation to his business, he had tried to contact three other small local taverns, a type of establishment that tended to have problems due to the type of product they traded. But Vicente and Rory had not been so successful. They were only able to get one new deal.
At this point, six men from their group were already working in two local taverns and had even started to get involved with troublemakers.
As for the Irwin family, Aaron had promised that he would be able to arrange a meeting for Vicente and Rory to meet with people from that family to talk business. But it would take a few days before that could happen.
Someone like Aaron would have to move several subordinates around until he could get a meeting with a Baron.
As low as it was, the title of Baron was still the title of a noble, someone much rarer to find in the kingdom than people with Green-grade talent.
But Aaron had his contacts and made sure that Vicente and Rory would meet this family later this month.
After that, Aaron would have nothing more to do for them, so he was determined to get this done and get rid of the agreement with these young people.
Meanwhile, Nina and Eve lived quietly in this town, slowly getting to know the area while Vicente's other men continued their investigation into the three blacksmiths Lukas had mentioned.
...
At Zander's tavern, the place was bustling as usual around noon.
Taverns were trendy places in this society. Not only did they offer a variety of food from early in the day to late at night, but they were also places where ordinary or less wealthy people could get beverages without spending too much.
Some taverns were so successful with some of their drinks that they attracted even wealthy people.
When one mixes alcohol, people from different backgrounds, and relatively large crowds throughout the day, problems naturally arise in places like these!
But River and Zander's regular clients noticed something different about this place, even at peak times.
Three strange men, one standing at the door, one at the only bathroom, and one at the bar, had been working there for the past few days.
But those closest to the place already knew who these people were, as they had already acted on at least three different occasions.
In particular, the night before, an agitated young man, known in this area of the city for his fights and arrogant attitude, had been beaten up by the three guards of the tavern!
Some of the customers there at the time had seen this incident and witnessed the young man being deprived by these men of all his belongings, including his clothes.
Knowing the new rules of the tavern, which River had written at the entrance to warn his customers not to lose control in this establishment, many there felt a little uncomfortable.
"Did you see what happened yesterday?" An old man with a huge mug in his hands asked the person next to him at one of the tables inside the tavern.
In this dimly lit place, a bit gloomy for the time of day, the person next to that old man continued with a sober expression on his face and said, "Hmm, it was right over there." He motioned his head toward the entrance where the young man had been beaten.
"Right there, those three beat him until he passed out...
Why are River and Zander doing that? Don't they know what kind of trouble they'll get into? Man, I like their beer. I don't want them to get killed for it."
"Sigh... I don't get it, either. Things are the way they are. Can't they just continue with their old ways? I think it's enough not to care about those who make a fuss," said the old man to his drinking companion.
But there were satisfied customers. Not all of them were thinking of the worst that could happen, and they liked the chance to eat in peace.
'Tsk! Old fools always think of doing the same old thing.' One of River's young customers thought to himself, smiling as he cut the steak on his plate.
How many times had he not lost his food because of the lack of respect and order in this place?
Unfortunately, he couldn't afford anything better or more organized, and this was the tavern with the best discount for the quality of the food.
The food of the two brothers was delicious!
This young man and others there preferred things as they were now, quieter and more predictable.
But not everyone knew what Vicente's people were doing, and some bandits didn't even care. Their "job" was to steal, and those guards would not stop them from acting for their own good!
A young man of about 22 years old, an Intermediate Apprentice, who was standing at the bar, where the counter was, looked from side to side and put one of his hands into one of the pockets of a customer there.
When he felt the man's bag of coins, he smiled, tucked it into his clothes, and casually walked away as if nothing had happened.
 But then a hand pressed hard on his shoulder. "Stealing? Brat, I'll break your leg and take your stuff as punishment!"
Gulp!
After saying that, Vicente's subordinate, a Senior Apprentice, moved one of his fists hard and swung it at the little rat's stomach.
A second later...
Pow!
"Aaaaaagh!" A scream came from the young thief's mouth before he felt a powerful attack on his right leg.
"AAAAAGH!"
In an instant, several people in the surrounding area turned their attention to the young man, noticing his leg strangely bent as he screamed in agony.
As comments poured in, the guard quickly gathered this person's things, leaving him naked for all to see his little friend.
But just then, a scream drew everyone's attention away from the young thief. "Uncle, it was this place! This is where I was beaten and robbed yesterday afternoon!"
Hearing these words from outside the tavern, several people there looked toward the entrance, some recognizing the voice of the young man who had suffered the punishment of these guards before the young bandit now in agony.
Vicente's three men looked towards the entrance of this place and saw the young man they had stopped from causing trouble the day before coming there next to two muscular men dressed in armor.
They had ugly looks on their faces, with grimaces that would easily frighten children.
Their fists were clenched, and their lips pressed together as they stood one step behind the young Intermediate Apprentice.
"Who beat up my dear nephew? Who dared?" The strongest of these men shouted loudly, silencing everyone in the vicinity of this establishment.



Chapter 76 Necessary Revenge
"Come forward, you cowards! Let's see if you're brave enough to beat my nephew in front of me!" The stronger one shouted while the blue-haired young man next to his uncle smiled.
Brody Peters was not from a noble family, let alone a relevant group in Millfall. But he had been pampered by his family and given the best opportunities from a young age.
At 20, he was already an Intermediate Apprentice with Green talent, someone with a bright future ahead of him.
Even though he did not come from a wealthy background, he acted confidently, and there were few people he would lower his tone or his confidence in front of.
But in this humble tavern, someone had beaten him, taken his belongings, and, most importantly, humiliated him in public.
He could not accept this and had run to his uncle the previous afternoon, the strongest of his family!
'It's time to beat those three bastards!' Brody thought as he smiled, seeing his uncle take charge of the matter.
Jax Peters looked around and soon spotted the young bandit in agony and a tall, middle-aged man holding the naked young man's belongings.
"You... Are you one of the people who hurt my nephew?" He shouted in the direction of one of Vicente's strongest men.
Vicente's group consisted mostly of Junior and Intermediate Apprentices. But there were 4 Senior Apprentices among them. Two of them were now in Zander's tavern.
The one who had broken the now naked bandit's leg was looking at this muscular man, one of whom was a level 2 Acolyte and the other a level 1. Narrowing his eyes, he dropped the little bandit's things and quickly placed one of his hands behind his body, where one of his guns was.
"Sir, the young man next to you tried to destroy this establishment the night before after losing a bet. We only acted to protect the other customers and the establishment itself." He said, preferring not to get into trouble with that person. "There were warnings about what could happen to troublemakers, so your nephew accepted the risks."
"Tsk! A damned Senior Apprentice! How dare you talk to me, maggot? You think you can just touch my nephew because those are the rules of this fucking tavern?" Jax shouted as several customers rose from their seats and moved away from where these people were standing.
The other two guards there moved their hands to their weapons, preparing to act as the opponents seemed to have no idea who they were.
"Sir, if you continue, I will consider you a threat to the establishment's integrity." The guard said in a slightly nervous tone as he saw his group standing by.
"Then show me what you can do!" Jax shouted before pulling a baseball bat from his back and jumping at the man.
Seeing this, the strongest Senior Apprentice of Vicente's men there drew his gun and aimed for Jax's head, firing without hesitation.
Bang!
As the shot rang out, the other two acted, firing at the second man who had come with Brody and jumping at the blue-haired young man.
Bang!
"Shit!" Feeling the power of this weapon, Jax made an ugly countenance and moved his power to increase the rigidity of his body.
The amount of mana an Acolyte had was much higher than an Apprentice had in their body, to the point that the vision of someone of that level was more developed. Jax could see the path of the bullet heading for his forehead!
He could not dodge it, but he managed to raise his defenses against this unexpected action.
The same happened to his companion, who had the disadvantage of being attacked from behind.
"Damned cowards!" The other man shouted as he felt the base of his neck hit by one of the fired bullets.
They both felt the force of Vicente's gun's shot at that moment but neither died.
Having acted quickly enough, they withstood the bullets with relatively minor injuries.
The weaker one had his skin punctured, but the bullet did not hit his bones or destroy any important arteries. Only a little bit of blood flowed from the wound in his neck.
Jax suffered less, but even though he did not bleed from this attack, he felt severe pain in the middle of his forehead.
After feeling that, he couldn't help but turn red with anger. "Son of a bitch! I'm going to kill you!" He shouted as he swung his baseball bat at the strongest of the group of guards.
River saw this and felt his body go cold, afraid of the outcome.
When the two men who had been hit by the first bullets moved again, two of the strongest among the guards suffered from those two first attacks and unloaded their weapons, but without success.
One of them was hit by his opponent's blows and screamed in pain as he lost his weapon, running out of ammunition.
"Aaaaagh!"
"Prepare to die, worm!"
 As Jax was about to smash the man's head in, the third of Vicente's men suddenly screamed.
"Stop! Stop, or I will kill your beloved nephew!" The weakest of the guards yelled, pointing a gun at the back of Brody's head.
Swallow!
"Uncle..." Brody said softly, in a timid tone, as he did not normally speak.
Looking in the direction of the door to this place, Jax made an ugly face as he saw his nephew in the cross hairs of a third enemy.
Those bullets wouldn't hurt him or his little brother. But they would do fatal damage to Brody! Jax could feel it!
"Wretches! Fight if you dare!" He shouted angrily at this person using shameful strategies, using a hostage against them.
"I will not repeat myself! Stop, or I will kill this little shit!" The Intermediate Apprentice shouted.
The two brothers ignored the injured guards and looked at the last enemy that could threaten them there.
But this Intermediate Apprentice had been trained by Vicente and knew that in a situation like this, either they would all die or he would use a dangerous strategy to escape from these people temporarily.
"Leave your belongings here and get out of this shop. I will release your nephew when I no longer feel your presence." He shouted, coldly sweating as he followed the protocol Vicente had taught the group.
"Our belongings? Are you insane?" The level 1 Acolyte shouted, taking a step forward.
"Hey, I'll kill him! I'm not kidding!"
The sound of the gun being loaded rang out, and Brody swallowed his saliva. "Uncle, please do what he says!"
Jax clenched his fists so tightly that his muscular hands bled while his face was as red as a tomato.
"Motherfucker! You'll pay for this!" He shouted as he angrily picked up his things and threw them on the ground, the first time being threatened in years.
The surrounding people watched with open mouths, unbelieving that the weakest of the guards had taken such a bold strategy to save their group temporarily.
But the elders there felt this was useless. This was just a way for the group to suffer more, as Jax's group would definitely return this humiliation with interest and correction.
But this subordinate of Vicente's was not worried. He had already used a small magic device that all the men of the Fuller family carried with them, something that would alert his people.
Rory, Vice, and others probably were already coming to this place!
'When the boss arrives, he'll know how to solve this problem.' He thought to himself, grinning at the two Acolytes but nervous inside.



Chapter 77 Time to Act
Five minutes after Brody's aunt and uncle left...
Vicente and four of his men arrived at the tavern, each with a sharp look on their faces, knowing that a problem had arisen.
His group knew they could only use the emergency alarms in cases of extreme need.
Upon arriving at the location and noticing that there was no battle going on and the mana in the area was as it should be, Vicente entered the two brothers' tavern with a nosy look on his face.
"Myles, what the hell happened here?"
As the people in the area continued to crowd around the sides of the inner area of the tavern, looking at the situation there, several people glanced to where a young man with black hair and an iron mask on his face had entered, asking a question.
Myles, the young Intermediate Apprentice holding Brody hostage, looked at the entrance and sighed when he saw his leader.
Vicente noticed two of his men injured, lying on the ground as River and Zander knelt beside them, trying to help.
"Boss, some bastards came here and tried to kill us," Myles replied, his tone much calmer than it had been moments before when he had threatened the people in the area to stay where they were.
"This bastard I'm holding hostage came here yesterday afternoon to cause trouble. We did what we were supposed to do, and then he brought his uncles to deal with us today."
"Someone unhappy with the way things are going?" Vicente frowned at the blue-haired young man with a gun pointed at the back of his head.
Brody was sweating, fearing for his life. But seeing the support his enemies had received, he couldn't help but tease. "Are you counting on this person? He won't save you from death, you bastard! After what you did to my uncle..."
As Brody spoke, the dozens of people in River's tavern watched as a bluish bolt of lightning shot out of one of Vicente's fingers and struck that young man.
In the next moment, Brody's eyes rolled back, and foam formed in his mouth as he fell to the ground, unconscious.
"I hate people like him," Vicente said as he slapped one hand against the other.
"Are there any other enemies in the area, Myles?" One of the men next to Vicente, also wearing a mask, asked.
"No, they all left fearing me because of this one," Myler said as he holstered his gun and pointed a finger at the young man on the ground.
While his men spoke to Myles, Vicente crouched beside one of the two badly wounded men.
Both had suffered at the hands of Brody's uncles in the moments since the bar fight.
One had significant injuries to his abdomen, with several purple marks on such a part of his body.
The other had a few broken bones, especially one of his arms, which was in an unnatural form while he moaned in pain.
"How are you? Can you understand me?" He asked, looking at one of them but close to both.
One of them continued to moan in pain, his eyes closed. But the other was aware enough of what was happening around them to say. "Boss... Unfortunately, we are not strong enough against Acolytes."
"Hmm, don't worry about it. I'll send you to a doctor and solve this problem." Vicente said as he stood up and walked to the tavern door.
He stopped next to one of the men and said, "Take care of this place for now. When the others arrive, get some of them to take these two to a doctor."
"All right. But what do you want to do for the next hour?" The masked man asked.
Vicente looked at the people around him and shouted, "Listen to me. If those responsible for this incident come back here, tell them I will kill this fool if they dare to touch my men".
Vicente paused for a moment and let Brody's body float towards him while a Red Pentagram appeared in front of his hands.
He had already hidden metals all over the young man's body, but no one there knew how he was doing it.
Gulp!
Seeing such a spectacular power, the people there felt nervous as Vicente looked at them.
"If anyone here dares to take revenge on my men for doing their job, they will have trouble with my entire group."
With these words, Vicente left the place with Myles and quickly headed to the headquarters of his family.
His place where he would act as a criminal was already ready and operational. Several of his men were already living and training in this second property of Vicente's.
"Boss, what should we do? These people are going to cause trouble for our group." Myles said when they were already in a carriage.
 Vicente answered him. "Let's see who is behind this fool. Since they want to fight with us, let's take everything they have."
"You want to steal his family?" Myles looked curiously at Brody's unconscious body.
Vicente had big plans for robberies, assaults, etc. But just as he hadn't robbed small homes or businesses on Earth, he had no intention of doing so in the Polaris Realm.
On Earth, he would rather rob a bank than a rich person's store or home.
On the other hand, in the Polar Realm, he wanted to rob the homes of nobles, not ordinary people. After all, robbery involved many risks, and he preferred not to take risks for small prizes.
But if Brody's family was so irrational as to treat his men this way, then Vicente thought he had to punish them by stealing what they had most precious, their coins!
Every magician depended on their coins and resources more than people on Earth depended on money.
But in this world, there were no reliable institutions where one could place one's wealth, so everyone kept their coins and valuable possessions either with them or in their homes.
Vicente had studied this society since entering the Academy of Stars, and he knew that every magician's home would have safes containing the family's most important possessions.
He planned to rob the Peters family for revenge!
"Actions have effects, Myles. They acted against my men. Now, I'll act against this family's things. It's not unfair." Vicente commented.
"But won't that be difficult? I mean, our plans for the Irwin family are developing bit by bit. How are we going to pull off two robberies simultaneously? Won't that be dangerous?"
"Simultaneously?" Vicente laughed. "Myles, robbing the Irwin family will be difficult because they are a noble family. Their residence must have more advanced security measures than that fool's family.
Breaking into an ordinary house is not that difficult."
The same was true on Earth. Breaking into a bank was infinitely more complex than breaking into a house.
A bank had a lot of resources and was made to protect them from people like Vicente. But ordinary houses didn't have the same purpose, and someone with the will to break into one could easily do so.
For a known criminal like Vicente, breaking into this family's house would be as easy as the kidnapping he had done in the village before killing his father's former subordinate!



Chapter 78 Night Action
As Vicente left, the rest of his men, who were on duty to help the group in case of need, arrived at Zander's tavern.
There, they quickly picked up the two injured men and took them to a local medical clinic.
In the meantime, no further trouble occurred. Several of the spectators from the earlier "show" had left, and the pace in the tavern had returned to normal.
Meanwhile, Jax's emissaries had already discovered that Brody had been taken by someone behind the group responsible for the men guarding Zander's tavern.
...
"Damn it! Who do these brats think they are?" Jax exclaimed as one of his men, the one who told him what had just happened.
Not only had he been humiliated by an Intermediate Apprentice and forced to retreat, but now his nephew was in the hands of his enemies. If he acted against the people in that tavern, he would have to explain Brody's death to his older sister!
As he watched her son almost explode with rage, an old woman with white hair and an orange gem on her forehead said in a low voice. "Jax, you have to handle this."
"I know, mama. I'm gonna fix it! I'm going to get those bastards and torture them for this!" Jax growled as his little brother stood next to their mother, very upset about the whole thing.
"First, you need to think straight, Jax." The old woman said with a sigh.
Unfortunately, the man had inherited his father's intelligence. In fact, half the family had inherited the aggressiveness of the patriarch of this family.
Maybe things would be better for the Peters family if they were more like her.
But unable to do much about her family members' genes, Amina could only do damage control to keep her family's best hope alive.
"This tavern can't afford to hire its own guards. They must have hired some upstart mercenary group. So go to the mercenary guild and look for information about them. I believe we will find the group behind little Brody's kidnapping." She instructed, thinking about targeting the right people.
If they went after River and Zander, they would only incite the men behind the guards in the tavern to do the worst to Brody.
But by going after the real people responsible for all of this, they could find ways to resolve this situation.
Her youngest son agreed as he stood up. "I'll take care of it, mama. If all goes well, we can have Brody back by the end of the night."
"Hmm, you do that." She looked at the level 1 Acolyte, the most like her in the whole family.
She looked at Jax and said, "You must get little Brody back alive, no matter what. Without him, we'll always be lowly miners. But if he has a chance to grow, we can eventually raise the family's importance."
"I know. I'll do my best." Jax replied, knowing Broly's importance.
The Peters family was in the mining business. They ran a small mine near Millfall, working for a noble family that owned the area.
But even though they didn't own their land, this family had a lot of potentials to work in the area. Not every noble family exploited the labor of others without giving opportunities and rewards to their contractors.
Like this family, some workers had opportunities to grow and become rich if they provided quality services.
In this case, if they improved their results, they would receive larger and larger shares of what they produced in their mines.
It would not be impossible for them to build their own mining business and even become nobles one day due to the power they could have through their success!
But to do that, they needed someone talented who could use the family's spells to the fullest, increase production, and more. To do that, this one had to be talented enough to get stronger without the family having to go bankrupt to raise them!
Magicians had no limit to their level. One would go as far as one could, given their abilities, luck, etc.
But some produced results with little investment, and others needed rivers of resources to grow.
In the Peters family, most people fell into the second case, and it would be impossible for the family to produce a single Mage, even considering all they produced.
But Brody was different. With him, the matriarch hoped her family would finally raise someone capable of being more than an Acolyte!
Knowing the importance of his nephew, Jax would soon leave the day-to-day matters he was dealing with to solve the situation of the arrogant blue-haired young man.
...
Late at night in Millfall, Jax's younger brother returned from his hours of searching the local mercenary guild.
Meeting his worried sister, mother, and Jax, he brought better news to ease the family's tensions.
"I managed to find out the group behind these people! They are a newly formed group based in an estate..." He quickly revealed the information he had gathered at the guild, talking about the Fuller family's headquarters.
 In the Seidel Kingdom, one could not have a large group because it was against royal laws.
However, there were exceptions. For example, a group of mercenaries was not considered an unauthorized army but rather a group of people acting together.
Mercenary groups in the Seidel Kingdom could exist and have up to 10 members and could operate in the cities and lands of the kingdom.
Vicente had created the mercenary group behind the men who guarded the two taverns he protected to protect his group legally.
This served to draw the attention of offended potential enemies away from his group's customers but also to keep the royal forces from suspecting that these people were part of an unauthorized army.
As they figured out where to find their enemies, the core of this family soon discussed how to deal with these bold people who dared to threaten them even without Acolytes at their side.
While they were discussing it in Jax's office on the house's second floor, someone dressed in black landed on the roof.
As he lay on the roof of that house, he closed his eyes and made a Red Pentagram appear in one of his hands, feeling what metals were there.
'Hmm, there are some coins here.' He felt a great weight on his conscience as he noticed something underground in this property.
He stopped using his abilities when he realized where he should go and opened his eyes again, looking at the street next to the house.
He nodded in the direction of a tree, and soon after, he entered the chimney of that house!



Chapter 79 Magical Agreement
As he entered through the house's chimney, Vicente heard the voices of these people, Acolytes in general.
From the position of metallic objects such as coins around the house and where the voices came from, he could feel exactly where each person was. At the same time, he could sense how strong they were by the mana disturbance around their bodies, which vibrated with the metallic objects near them.
Vicente's magnetic ability was sharp. It could tell him what the metallic objects within his range 'felt.'Thus, he knew how many and how strong the people there were.
Items with and without the ability to contain mana had a very similar function in terms of absorbing mana. Both sponged mana that struck them, but some kept the mana within themselves while the others returned it to nature.
Coins were of the second type, and when they received mana that leaked from magicians' bodies, they absorbed it and then lost it over time.
Noticing the different metallic objects on these people, Vicente could tell the difference between the mana of each person talking about their group.
Some had colder mana, others warmer mana, which were like fingerprints, individual and unique to each person.
At the Academy of Stars, Vicente had learned that even twins emitted different mana. Using his ability to sense this property, he learned this in practice.
Noticing how many there were, he walked slowly down the chimney that led to a large living room on the mansion's second floor.
When he quietly reached the second floor of the residence, he used metal around his body to hold himself upside down and looked through the unlit fireplace into that living room.
There was no one in the room at the moment, but there was a hallway in Vicente's view where some lamps were lit, and two servants were standing by, waiting.
From the door in front of these servants, he could sense the people talking.
He went on into the fireplace, raising himself a little to hide his head.
'24... 23... 22...'
He closed his eyes and continued counting, waiting for the moment to act.
...
Outside the house, some of the men from Vicente's group were standing on the street corners, getting ready.
Rory stood with these men, mentally counting down to the moment of attack.
'15... 14...' He kept his eyes closed, feeling a little nervous.
The armed men, their identities protected by masks, looked at that place and sweated coldly, anxious because this was their first time acting like this.
But considering that they would soon be acting against nobles, this was a good test for them!
"One!" Rory opened his eyes and said, making his men swallow their saliva and follow Vicente's earlier orders.
Sss!
Flames came out of Rory's hands as these men helped him point in the direction of the devices that had been placed around the estate earlier.
...
'Zero!'
BOOM!
When Vicente finished counting, a moment passed, and then a huge explosion erupted, shaking the entire residence.
The people there heard the loud boom and put their hands to their ears, while the stronger ones realized that the noise and shaking had been caused by something too close to them.
"Enemy attack!" Jax shouted as he rose from his seat and ran out of the residence.
The women were nervous when they heard this. Still, like magicians who had faced difficult situations before, they circulated mana around their bodies, raising their defenses.
While the people there ran out to see what the problem was and to defend the place, Vicente took advantage of the general distraction. He came out of the chimney, eventually standing in the main room of the place.
He paused for a moment and felt the structure of this residence, feeling the 3D map of this house appear in his mind due to the number of metals used in the construction of the house.
Seeing the way to the place where most of the metals of this residence were, Vicente didn't hesitate any more and moved silently towards his goal.
When he came to a locked door, his Red Pentagram appeared in front of his right hand. Soon after, Vicente felt the lock's components on this wooden door and moved them to the open position.
 A low metallic sound came from the door. Noticing that no one was around, Vicente opened it. He entered shortly after, manipulating the traps' metal objects there so they wouldn't move.
He quickly descended a flight of stairs and came face to face with a small room of about 10 square meters, with several side cabinets similar to a closet.
But there were no clothes inside them, but several coins of different types, jewelry, crystals, and documents!
Seeing this, Vicente smiled, grabbed a bag, and quickly collected the most valuable items for himself and his group.
As he did so, he noticed what was written on one of the documents there.
Magical Mining Agreement...
He saw the beginning of an agreement between this family and a local noble house regarding mining rights and the provision of services by this family to that noble house.
'This family is mining for the Symons?' He was impressed because the family in question was the only noble house of a Viscount in this area of Millfall!
Thinking about it, Vicente couldn't help but be interested.
'If I steal these concessions, they will be useless to me. But if I trade with this family, I can legally take part in their business!
In Polaris Realm, Magical Agreements were things of the utmost importance. Not only did they obligate both parties to fulfill the contract, but they could also be used as property titles.
If party 'A' signed a Magical Agreement with party 'B' to exploit a mine, for example, that also functioned as 'ownership' of the right to exploit that mine.
Anyone with the appropriate papers could claim rights to the exploitation of the mine and act as if they were the actual owners of that agreement.
Why is this? The person possessing the papers in question could destroy the Magical Agreement, thereby nullifying that agreement. By doing so, one could end a pact that may have been in place for decades and, by doing so, present a better option to the other side of the treaty, such as House Symons.
In that case, a family like Peters would be in big trouble!
Vicente knew that if he stole those papers, the chances of Viscount Symons negotiating with him would be very slim. But if he could get the Peters family to hand them over to him, everything would be different.
He smiled and left the papers there, quickly walking back the way he had come.
With 2 cloth bags full of items, he used the distraction created by his staff to leave this place, having closed the door of this secret underground room before leaving.
While climbing up the chimney, someone suddenly stopped on top of that place, and Vicente stopped climbing it. He manipulated some of the metals on his body to form a metal box that covered his whole body inside that dark tunnel.
'That was close!' He shouted in his mind while maintaining his position.



Chapter 80 What Really Matters
When he stopped in the metal box in the house's chimney, Vicente almost stopped breathing, keeping as much of his body still as possible to avoid attracting attention.
After 5 minutes there, he realized that no one had found him, but he decided to stay still for a while to make sure his enemies wouldn't notice him.
This robbery aimed to harm the family that had dared to act against his group. But if he were caught or seen stealing, he would have several problems.
As long as no one had proof of what he had done there, Vicente could not be publicly implicated by the royal forces. But if he was seen leaving this place, he would be immediately recognized as a criminal and could soon have a bounty on his head.
Criminals in the Seidel Kingdom had bounties on their heads, and occasionally, fights between bounty hunters or even other criminals interested in those bounties would make news in the kingdom.
At the same time, the royal forces would publicly pursue people with bounties on their heads, which could greatly hinder his operations.
'I will stay here until dawn. By then, this family's group will have lowered their guard over this place, and I can leave unnoticed.' He thought as he settled into the metal box.
...
Meanwhile, Rory's group had already left the area around the Peters' residence, having split up and scattered to different parts of the city.
Their plan was simple. Attack the area around the Peters family, create a scene to justify the resources Vicente would steal, while he would have space to take what he wanted and leave.
It was not in their plans to fight the people of the Peters family, so after the attack, everyone fled the area without looking back.
Amidst this, the men of the small Peters family did not pursue the fleeing opponents, worried about their fallen defenses and the possibility of further attacks.
In a society where one had to protect one's wealth, it was not so easy to have their home attacked like this!
Everyone in Brody's house was on alert, surrounding the place as the security perimeter of his property was destroyed.
"Shit! Who dares?" Jax shouted loudly as the mana around him glowed brightly.
"Could it be the same ones behind Brody?" The young man's mother raised the possibility, causing her brothers to furrow their brows in concern.
It was not impossible!
In this place, people used fire to put out the fire, and revenge was the most common thing one could see in a world where people could have a lot of individual power.
"If it's them, I'll kill every last one of this bunch of scumbags!" Jax yelled, saliva flying from his mouth.
"Brother, let's wait until things calm down and go to that place. Let's get Brody back and take out this little group!" Jax's younger brother suggested as he scanned the area for enemies.
Their group would scour the area for the next hour, noting no enemies nearby.
After establishing a security perimeter, Jax would soon head out with some of the family's subordinates to Vicente's group headquarters.
Only the women and a few servants would remain in that residence, while Vicente would remain in his place, quietly waiting for the best time to leave without attracting attention.
...
Two hours after the attack on the Peters family began, a good part of Vicente's group had returned to the Fuller family's headquarters.
It was there that they began to worry about Vicente's situation.
"Rory, what do we do? What if the enemy has captured the boss?" One of the young men most uncomfortable with Vicente's delay asked worriedly.
In the entrance hall of this residence, which was very similar to the entrance of an ordinary guild, with several tables and places to sit and talk around the entrance, almost all of the men of this group were there now.
Rory had a worried look on his face, but he knew his friend better than anyone else there.
"Guys, let's wait until dawn before we worry. Right now, he might be hiding to avoid trouble. So let's not get desperate."
One of the men stood up and snarled. "Rory, why did we go against this family? Just for those brothers who own a tavern? Why risk ourselves for so little?"
Rory clenched his fists when he heard such nonsense. "Are you an idiot?" He shouted in the man's direction, unable to believe that something as basic as this could be questioned by his men.
"Does anyone else here still not understand why we are acting today?" He asked, causing everyone to stare at him in silence, some annoyed because they also thought like that man.
Rory said disappointedly. "Idiots... We didn't act tonight for the sake of two of our clients. We acted for the sake of the Fuller family, for the sake of our territory!
Every facility under our protection is an extension of the Fuller family's territory! What would happen if we did not do our best to ensure the safety of our own domain?"
 Some frowned and opened their mouths as they realized the true motivation behind these actions.
This was no simple revenge by Vicente on behalf of his injured men nor to protect their clients. This was their group shouting to various local business owners like River and Zander that they would defend their territory and that there were advantages to being under their protection!
Even if no one knew about the Peters' robbery after today, as long as Zander's place was more secure, they would be able to draw the attention of other establishments in the area they were in!
Explaining this to his people, Rory managed to get some of them to understand what they were doing until a shout came from outside the building.
"Motherfuckers, give me back my nephew, or I'll destroy this place!" Jax's voice reached the ears of the people from the Fuller family, causing them to quickly put aside their previous concerns and worry about an enemy attack.
"Damn it!" Rory muttered before ordering his men. "Position yourselves. Shoot anyone who crosses the security perimeter!"
With that, the people there ran to their positions while Rory went to a balcony on the second floor of the building.
When he got there, he saw Jax's group already surrounding the building.
Rory wore a mask, but he could see Jax and this person's men very well.
"If you come closer than 10 meters around this property, we will kill your nephew!" He said in a thicker tone, using mana to change his voice.
"Brat, don't think you can threaten me. I surrounded this place and will not allow you to leave until my nephew is released!" Jax said, knowing he had to be careful as Brody's life was worth a lot.
"Were you the ones who attacked my property earlier?" Jax's brother asked, trying to extract a confession.
"I don't know what you're talking about. Were you attacked? Tsk, that's too bad, but judging by how arrogant you are, there must be many suspects behind this, right?" Rory moved away from the responsibility of this from his group, knowing Vicente's plans.



Chapter 81 More or Less Successful
Hearing Rory's words, Jax became even more annoyed. But he really had several opponents who could have easily attacked them tonight. Vicente's group was just the latest disagreement they'd had.
But something told Jax that these people were behind today's attack. "Don't play games with me, brat. Surrender now while it's still early, or don't come crying for mercy later."
"Jax, that's your name, right?" Rory smiled. They had already interrogated Brody. "Are you going to risk the life of the Peters family's hope like that? I don't think so, so shut up. I have the advantage here, damn it!"
"Fucking brat!"
Jax's younger brother held his brother so he wouldn't lose his calm and said, looking at Rory. "You're right, brat. But how long can you keep this up? This is going to end badly for you! There is no escape. You are just Apprentices!"
Rory looked at the other man under his mask but said nothing. "We have more time than you think."
Then he went back, took off his mask, and gave his men a worried look.
"What are we going to do? He is right. We can't keep this up for long." One of the men who had been with Rory and Vicente the longest asked in a worried tone.
"I know. For now, we will wait for Vice."
"What if he gets caught?" One of the younger men there asked as he looked at the young redhead.
"That hasn't happened. Otherwise, these people would be with him to negotiate a hostage exchange. Vice must have run into a problem, but I doubt he fell into enemy hands." Rory analyzed the situation calmly.
Rory had learned to be cautious, not from Vicente, but from his mother. This woman had survived the part of her life she had spent as a prostitute by being smart and careful.
He told his group. "We will hold our position and wait. If we turn Brody over to these people, we will be killed, so we just have to keep doing what we are doing for now. Sooner or later, Vicente will come back with new orders."
...
A few hours later, Jax's group was still around the Fuller family's property, while Rory and his people were still in their previous positions.
Some of them had guns pointed at the street, keeping an eye on Jax's people to ensure they didn't infiltrate his property.
It was already dawn, and the area around the street was quiet, with no one around to follow this siege.
But a few blocks away, a girl and a woman were still awake in their apartment, worried that Vicente had not returned after so many hours.
"What happened to my brother?" Nina asked Eve as she hugged the woman lying on her bed.
"Don't worry, Nina. You should sleep. I'm sure your brother will be here by dawn." Eve replied, but she was quite worried herself.
'Vicente... What happened to you?' She looked up at the bedroom window and watched the moons in the sky, a little uncertain as she awaited the results of her group's first incursion.
...
Elsewhere on the Peters' estate, Vicente was still in the metal box where he had been hiding.
After several hours in the dark, he had lost track of time and wondered if it was daylight or dawn.
He had counted the time in his moments of waiting there, but after a while, he had lost his count and felt that more time had passed than he had counted.
Clever as he was, it was hard for him to ignore the spatial and luminous information in his environment.
If this were Earth, he was sure he could endure a similar situation for days without getting lost. But the mana of Polaris Realm changed everything you thought made sense. For lower-level humans, hours in such a situation were enough to disorient them.
Feeling that more time than necessary had passed, Vicente manipulated his ability and opened the metal box, the metals returning to the armor on his body.
Looking up, he noticed it was still night but did not manipulate his metals to hide his body again.
He immediately sensed the mana around the estate, noticing that the strongest were not around and that the Peters family had already slowed their observation of the surroundings.
'It looks like they didn't check their safe...' Vicente narrowed his eyes, a smile forming on his lips.
He had closed the door to this place before hiding, and since the family hadn't found anyone on this property, nor were there any signs of a break-in, those who stayed behind didn't bother to check the most valuable part of the residence.
Vicente liked that and decided not to risk himself there anymore. He climbed up the chimney without using his magical ability so as not to attract attention.
When he reached the roof, he saw some men standing around the fallen walls of this residence. He used the shadows of the night and the advantage of no lights on the roof of this house to get out of there.
For the first few steps out of the building, Vicente moved a little slower, despite his speed, but once he was in an alley behind the building, he ran at full speed.
 ...
Twenty minutes later, Vicente confirmed that no one had followed him, and he made his way to the property where his men were supposed to be.
On the way, he considered the position of the strongest of his enemies, expecting to find Jax near his property. But trusting Rory, Vicente did not despair, figuring his friend would maintain the standoff with the Peters family.
Spotting his property from a nearby rooftop, Vicente paused for a moment, realizing he couldn't just walk in with what he had stolen.
He walked toward the property where Eve and Nina were, changed clothes on the way, and walked back through the streets without a mask on his face.
Who would identify him as the person who had just attacked and robbed the Peters family? A Junior Apprentice like him would not dare to do such a thing!
Even under the eyes of the guards around the house, Vicente had no problems and entered through the front door.
"Vicente?" Eve's voice reached his ear as this woman peered through the cracks of one of the doors on the second floor, a pistol already in her hands.
"It's me. I'm sorry to be back so late. I had some problems." He said, noticing Eve's nervousness.
"Did everything work out?"
"More or less. I'll have to come back to fix a problem." He said before placing his bags with the Peters' belongings on a couch. "And Nina? Is she asleep?"
"She's asleep... Sigh, but she was very worried."
"I can imagine. I'll go out with her tomorrow to make up for last night. Stay here for now. I'll try to come back as soon as possible." Vicente stated before leaving to sort out the situation with Rory and the company.



Chapter 82 Negotiation
Moments later, the day slowly began to dawn, but the darkness of dawn still covered Millfall.
As the group of Acolytes and Senior Apprentices surrounded the Fuller family home, Vicente appeared at the beginning of the street where his second local property was located.
Seeing the people around Rory's group, Vicente scanned the area under his mask and walked quietly toward them.
After a few steps, someone from Jax's group noticed him approaching and saw the way Vicente was dressed, immediately becoming suspicious.
"Boss, look who's coming at us." This man from the Peters family said, drawing the attention of Dax and his younger brother to Vicente.
Looking at the Junior Apprentice, Jax narrowed his eyes, and a smile formed on his lips.
This was what he needed to save Brody and take action against these petulant people!
He didn't know who this fool coming towards his group was, but judging by his manners, the moment, and the place he was in, it was probably a member of the enemy party.
"Haha, let's settle this quickly, big brother!" The level 1 Acolyte said to Jax, looking at Vicente and cracking his own neck.
"Hey, you there. Where do you think you're going?" Jax took a few steps towards Vicente, asking in a tone full of confidence.
Vicente said nothing, but still, his people inside the estate realized he was there.
Rory quickly appeared on a balcony on the second floor and looked out from under his mask to see where Vicente was.
Vicente was only 100 meters from Jax and getting closer!
When he reached 50 meters, Vicente slowed down but continued to walk forward. "You... What are you doing here, Mr. Peters? Do you realize my men will kill your nephew if you keep this up?"
"Oh? So you really are one of them, you bastard!" Jax's younger brother shouted.
Jax laughed. "If you do, I'll kill you, asshole!"
"Kill me?" Vicente continued to walk toward the spot as Jax and his men did the same.
"That's not so easy as you may think."
Immediately after these words from Vicente, a yellow glow appeared on his forehead, and a Red Pentagram appeared in front of one of his hands. Then, various coins and small metal objects in the area came under Vice's control and flew behind the men toward their vital points.
In a single instant, more than 40 sharp artifacts flew like projectiles against the bodies of the men in Jax's group, hitting them in their backs.
"Aaaaagh!"
"AAAAAAGH!"
Screams erupted in the area as all of the men felt pain in their bodies and noticed the sudden change that had happened just 4 seconds after Vicente's words.
Jax himself became much more serious as he lost control of his body and collapsed as if he had been knocked out.
His mouth and eyes were wide open as he looked at his chest and saw a coin-sized bullet protruding from his blood-covered chest.
He felt a sharp pain in his body and shivered in disbelief at this unbelievable situation.
"You..."
He was a level 2 Acolyte. However, the difference in power between his body and Vicente's attack was not that great!
Vicente's power was similar to his weapons. However, unlike his weapons that fired projectiles in a straight line, this black-haired young man could make his projectiles travel in curved trajectories!
Jax and all his men had not noticed Vicente's attack in time, let alone his power!
"Wretch!" Jax's younger brother yelled as he felt his body falling to the ground, tasting blood in his mouth.
While the Apprentices in the area screamed in pain, deadly hurt by Vicente's move, the Acolytes were badly hurt, but not enough to pose a threat to their lives.
Knowing this, even before he saw them fall to the ground in surprise from the initial attack, Vicente clenched his right fist, and the metallic objects in his possession changed shape and 'stapled' these bodies to the ground.
Vuup!
Several small steel 'clamps' rapidly flew until they clamped down on the wrists and heels of the strongest in the area.
 In an instant, Vicente outran the group and reached the door of his estate, where Rory was already waiting for him!
"You're late," Rory said to his friend, sighing in relief to see Vicente back.
"I'm sorry, guys. But now that I'm here let's fix this situation." Vicente smiled under his mask but didn't get too active when he saw some of his key men standing there.
"Damn it!"
"You fucking bastard! We're going to kill you!"
The stronger men of Jax's group shouted as they felt their weaker allies die, unable to withstand Vicente's blows.
Meanwhile, the injured Acolytes had enough to stay alive, but they were all in too much pain to easily escape the "clamps" used by Vicente.
Jax shouted, even angrier than before. "Motherfucker, I'm going to fuck you up! I guarantee you won't live another day! I'll put the whole town on you!"
But when he heard that, Vicente stepped back, not wanting to be called that way. "Mr. Peters, control your words, or the cost of this day will be much greater for you and your family.
But I will forgive you for now. Losing a fight is a really annoying thing. However, I will not tolerate your comments. Say a single curse word in my direction, and I will kill Brody."
"You!"
Vicente said, speaking louder than him. "If you want to solve this problem peacefully, return to your family and bring me the mining agreement papers with the Symons family. I will exchange your nephew for those papers."
"What?" Jax's younger brother shouted when he heard such a thing, making a face as ugly as his brother's.
'Symons?' Rory narrowed his eyes as he heard the family name of the only Viscount in the area.
Jax yelled. "Where did you hear that?"
Arrangements like the one he had with the Symons family were not public knowledge. Usually, only the parties to the agreement knew it existed.
Given the value of the paperwork involved in such agreements, everyone preferred to keep them secret.
The fact that Vicente knew about it was a bad sign for the Peters family because it meant they might have internal enemies in their group!
At the same time, with this information, Vicente could easily motivate enemies of the Peters family to act against them!
Vicente smiled behind his mask and did not answer such a question, entering his property while saying aloud.
"You have until noon to decide!"



Chapter 83 Major Gains
Upon entering his estate, Vicente was soon joined by Rory and the more powerful of the group.
"Vice, what's all this talk about the Symons family?" Rory asked as he sat down in one of the chairs in the family leader's office.
As he settled into his seat, Vicente smiled, now without the metallic mask from earlier. "When I went into the Peters family vault earlier, I saw the documents of this family's magical agreement with House Symons."
"Uh?"
"They have an agreement with this family?"
"But if that's true... Boss, why didn't you just steal them?" One of the men asked as Rory understood where his friend's speech had come from.
Vicente closed his eyes and said. "This is a society of appearances that doesn't work as easily as you think, Joshua. If I had stolen those papers, they would have been useless to me.
If I tried to use them in public, I would be considered a thief, and our whole group would be in trouble with the local guard. At the same time, would we still be a reliable group that could be hired to protect local businesses?"
Rory nodded and said. "We could never use those papers if he had stolen them. But trading them for that idiot..."
"Hmmm." Vicente smiled. "We can end this situation and get not only those papers but a way to use them without being publicly recognized as bandits."
The situation they found themselves in was not comfortable. It meant they were stuck in a stalemate, and there seemed to be only one battle ahead of them before the alternative Vicente brought.
With this exchange, they would not only get something useful and valuable for the group, but they could end the problem without a fight, without having to kill Brody and take bigger risks afterward.
This was the best alternative not only for them but also for the Peters family!
"Jax will take the deal I propose. He has no choice." Vicente said confidently. "With this, even after we release Brody, we will have a way to threaten the Peters family. That will keep us safe for the next few weeks."
"You don't intend to use this deal to take over the Peters family business with the Viscount?" Rory asked.
"We'll just wait for now. If we moved to steal that business from the Peters family, we would have a confrontation with Jax's people. But that wouldn't be so interesting for us right now." Vicente clarified. "If we stand still and show the public how we resolved the previous situation without any more fuss, we'll gain a lot of morale."
What they needed most now wasn't a mining agreement, for which they didn't even have people to take responsibility. What they needed most was to demonstrate their efficiency to the people who had seen the previous situation and to increase the attractiveness of their "territory."
They did not yet have a territory per se. But some of the nearby businessmen that Vice and Rory had already scouted over the past few days would definitely be more interested in doing deals with them after word of the events of the past few hours spread.
By preventing trouble at Zander's tavern and not suffering at the hands of Jax, their group was proving itself capable of doing what it set out to do!
"Let's keep Jax away from us while increasing our settlements in this area," Vice said, managing to make his less intelligent men understand the plan. "We'll revisit this in the future."
Rory agreed with this plan by nodding before he asked. "But Vice, how was your raid? Did you get anything of value?"
The others in the office, all very well dressed in dark suits, turned their attention to Vicente, the only one there dressed differently from the norm. "Yes, good values, I'd say, haha. In that family's safe, there were 7 gold coins, 526 silver coins, and 898 bronze coins. Not only that, but there was also a magic potion, two pills, and four jewels." He quickly summed up what he had counted in the chimney of the Peters' house.
This was an excellent result for a one-night raid that had not even resulted in any casualties for the group!
Counting Jax and his brother's belongings, what Brody had taken in River's Tavern twice, and what their group of guards had collected from bandits and troublemakers over the past few days, they had the equivalent of three gold coins.
But in a few hours, Vicente had collected much more than that!
Not only that, but he had gotten not just coins but magical resources, something rarer than coins.
Coins could be used to buy magic items. But magic items, like pills, could not only vary in price depending on place and time. They often had to be ordered.
Such resources sometimes had properties that were lost if they were not consumed within days or weeks. As a result, many alchemists only made items to order.
It was much more valuable to have pills and potions on hand than to have the coins to buy them!
Everyone in the room smiled, feeling the good feeling a thief would feel after a successful robbery.
"Not bad!" Rory commented. "This is the equivalent of what we made in profit in 6 days of trading..."
That might not seem like much for what they made in a month. However, their group's activities only generated this amount of coins because Andrew had spent years developing the foundation for them, and Vice had taken over several businesses from other merchants in Martell Village.
Vicente looked at Rory and said. "The potion won't be of much use to us for the time being. It is something that only Acolytes can use.
But the two pills will be enough for us. They are 1st-grade Enlightenment Pills."
Enlightenment Pills were one of the most common types in Polaris Realm. This pill provided mana and the ability to more deeply decipher the elements one had an affinity for, with the most obvious result being a better understanding of one's magical powers, with a possible level increase.
 As for the classification of the pill, it followed the classification of magical artifacts, starting with the 1st grade and going up to the grade corresponding to the level of the magician it could affect.
A 2nd-grade magic item or resource could affect 2nd-stage magicians, and so on.
Knowing this, Rory clenched his fists, satisfied and eager to test one of these pills that should go to Brody if they had not moved.
"Excellent!" He commented to his friend.
As the group's two most talented and youngest, it was clear that these pills would go to them.
In the future, Vicente might even favor other of his men, depending on the situation. But now, where they both needed these resources, and there were none left for these men, there was no way either of them could think of giving them up for one of their stronger men.
"As for the jewels, we will sell them on the black market through one of our merchants," Vicente said, not wanting to implicate them directly.
The black market was supposed to keep the identity of its customers secret, but he preferred not to risk that.
In any case, he needed the coins, and he wouldn't keep those jewels.
At that moment, Jax's voice surprised some of Vicente's men, who still had doubts about solving the problem.
"Brats, I'll do whatever you want! Let's trade my arrangements for Brody!"



Chapter 84 Exchange
Hearing Jax's cry, Rory was surprised at the speed with which the arrogant man had given in to Vicente's demands.
"That's fast!" He commented to his group, noting that everything had been settled in less than half an hour since Vicente's arrival.
Vicente stood up, put on his metal mask, and walked to the entrance of his estate.
His men returned to their positions, with Rory following at his side.
Arriving outside the facility, Vice found the street a little different, without the bodies of the men killed earlier.
Jax and his men had taken his dead men to his estate, where he had immediately gone searching for his contracts with the Viscount's family.
When he did it, he nearly had a heart attack when he discovered that more than half of what was stored in that safe place was gone!
He couldn't imagine who could have done it, but judging by the days he hadn't looked at his safe, the theft had happened in the last 3 days.
He had already ordered his people to start investigating the case. Still, with Brody's problem on his mind and the strange powers of that masked enemy, he couldn't be distracted at the moment.
Brody was the future of the family, who, in a few short years, could elevate them significantly. He was worth more than a few coins and even one of the Symons family contracts!
That was why he had accepted Vicente's condition without hesitation and was already there with his brother and sister to retrieve the precious Brody.
Vicente looked at the already blue sky, getting used to the brightness of the street. "You are wiser than I thought, Jax. But it'll be better for both of us this way."
Jax braced himself not to say something stupid and expressed. "Just give me my nephew, and I'll give you what you requested."
"Hmm, it's not that easy, Jax." Vicente smiled under his mask. "Give me the papers I asked for. I guarantee I'll release Brody after that."
"No!" Jax's younger brother shouted, not accepting this. "Who guarantees you'll give us Brody after? This kind of trade doesn't work for us!"
"What other choice do you have but to trust me?" Vicente asked, a few steps ahead of the stairs leading to his headquarters entrance.
There were few people around, as it was early in the day and this area was far from the city center. Still, a few witnesses were walking around, watching the situation unfold.
Vicente said. "These papers are enough for me to have the assurance that you will not act against my group. That is more valuable to me than having this guy in my possession. Let's get this done, Jax."
Brody's mother then pleaded with her brother. "Brother, let's do what he said. Please, my little boy is in more danger every moment that passes!"
Jax closed his eyes and swallowed his saliva, feeling so angry that his head felt like it could explode at any moment.
But Vicente's words made sense. Those papers would be what kept them away from this group. As long as Vice had them, he would have to stay away or risk losing his deal with Viscount Symons.
Brody would never be a good guarantee. He was just too valuable to be threatened indefinitely.
So Jax dropped the papers he had with him and let his sister make the exchange.
With the papers in hand, the woman quickly walked halfway down the path, where Rory picked it up and saw that it was indeed a Magical Agreement between Viscount Symons and the Peters family.
"Very well, bring young master Brody Peters to me," Vicente said in a good-natured tone, ordering his men.
Two minutes after receiving the papers of such an agreement, Vicente released Brody, who immediately ran to his mother like a dog who had not seen his owners for a long time.
"Mom! Those animals treated me like a stray!" He complained, quickly trying to get his people to turn against Vicente's group now that he was among them.
"Calm down, Brody. This doesn't end here." Jax said in a low voice, but knowing that Vicente now had something valuable to keep them away, he wouldn't do anything for now, nor would he make useless threats.
"Let's go!"
The two groups finished their business, and Vicente returned to his estate to celebrate with his people.
...
Later that day, the rumor spread around the area of Vicente's estate, saying Brody had been released, but his captors were still safe.
The patrons of the two taverns run by the men of the Fuller family were already discussing the matter, theorizing about the strength of the group of guards and how they had resolved the problem with the Peters family.
But while the owners of the two taverns were feeling more confident about their dealings with Vicente and Rory, they returned to business in the morning and early afternoon.
They didn't expect to get immediate results from the action against the Peters family. Yet, both felt it was essential to get some area store' owners interested in them to speed things up.
 They both visited three other shops that day and talked about where they were already operating, giving those people a reason to get to know the rumors already spreading in those two taverns.
Late in the afternoon, Rory returned to their group headquarters to deal with some issues with the group while Vicente went home.
He had been out all day, so when he saw Nina again in the late afternoon, he took her for an ice cream at a local plaza to make up for worrying her the night before.
After walking and playing with her, he ate dinner next to Nina and Eve before putting his little sister to sleep, as he had done many times since losing the rest of his family.
At the end of the day, Vicente sighed as he drank with Eve, so tired that he couldn't pay attention to the beautiful cleavage of this woman who had helped him so much.
"Eve, thank you for everything. I don't know what I would do without you taking care of Nina." He commented with his eyes closed, relaxing in an armchair in his living room.
"Don't worry, Vice. Taking care of Nina is a pleasure for me. For someone who could have had to go to bed with various strange, old, ugly men daily for years, taking care of a young girl like Nina is a real dream." Eve sighed and laughed, but inside, she didn't feel as good as she looked.
As much as she had escaped the fate of a prostitute, not everyone in her family had done so in time, which still bothered her!



Chapter 85 Intermediate Apprentice
Three days passed quickly...
Vicente's group continued to operate in the two previous taverns, with a few incidents but nothing as severe as Jax and Brody's visit earlier.
As far as the Peters family was concerned, no one, not even Brody, had been looking for trouble with Vicente's people.
They were even watching what those people were doing, but this family was not moving, just waiting to see if Vicente would try to approach the Viscount.
If that happened, it would be a worrying sign for them!
But as long as that didn't happen, they wouldn't do much more than keep an eye on Vice's group.
With something so valuable from them in hand, Vicente wouldn't have to worry about any attacks or problems with this family in the short term!
But apart from the people in Vice's group and many of the customers in the taverns he protected, who noticed the increasing peace around them, he and Rory had been working hard the last few days.
They still had more failures than successes in making new deals with businessmen in the area they were in, but they had gotten a new establishment to protect the day before.
With this new deal, the group's "territory" had increased by 50% from last night to this morning!
But it wasn't just the group's area of influence that began to increase!
...
Having made several business attempts in the past few days and plans for the future, Vicente and Rory decided to take a day off today.
After the incident with the Peters family, Vicente's resources left at his house were brought to their headquarters, where he and Rory were at that very moment with their magic pills!
The whole building was in a state of alert, with the men in their positions to defend the property in case of need.
As a group that had already countered about a dozen people in the past few days by avoiding trouble on their territory, trouble could come their way at any time.
Knowing this, while their leaders tried to improve their forces, the men there quietly held their positions, watching the surroundings of their headquarters, guns pointed at the street.
Meanwhile, in the main training room in the basement of this building, Vicente and Rory were meditating in two corners of the area.
They were both sitting cross-legged on large cushions, shirtless, with only the clothes on their lower bodies.
A glow of various colors surrounded them as the mana and elements of the environment focused on them.
Rory was covered in an orange haze, but something colorless circled his body as if he were the center of a cyclone.
Where Vice stood, small bluish rays spread through the area while the ground beneath his meditation pillow seemed to melt.
The Magic Gems of these two young men glowed brightly as free mana flowed in the air toward their foreheads.
But something in their stomachs was also providing them with a lot of energy and different elements.
Enlightenment Pills were made with many minerals and ingredients, things with different elemental affinities.
Even if the alchemist behind their production did not have an elemental affinity for most elements, these pills could still help in terms of their elements, the one who consumed them.
Obviously, such a pill would benefit the most those with the same elemental affinity as the alchemist, but in general, any magician could benefit greatly from consuming such resources.
Vicente felt it now, noticing a chill in his stomach as he felt a stronger connection to his two elements.
While absorbing the essence of the pill he had taken 40 minutes ago, Vice felt something strange in his Magic Gem.
It was as if this gem was a vase of water, and he was slowly pouring more water into it.
As he meditated and felt the mana in the air and in the pill diffusing into his being, he felt the 'reserves' of his gem rising and felt more and more the sensation of being satiated.
But he tried to meditate as long as he could, feeling that he could reap better results by taking his meditation to the point where he could no longer bear to continue.
As the 'reserves' in his first magical gem became more abundant, spell ideas strangely began to pop into Vicente's mind.
'The academy teachers were not wrong. As we become stronger, our understanding of our own abilities will evolve!' Vicente thought excitedly.
The stronger and more talented one was, the better their understanding of reality and how to manipulate its elements to create fantastic effects would be.
 Spells, for example, would naturally arise in the minds of magicians as they became stronger since spells were nothing more than ways to use one's power.
There were the more complex spells that could only be developed through years of study. Still, there were also many more straightforward spells that a magician would only need to get a little ahead of the 'game' to be able to think of something new.
Vicente realized new ways to use Earth and Lightning as he absorbed the essence of this pill, gaining far more than he had expected in this short meditation session.
But he didn't let that distract him and quickly focused everything he had on raising his magic level as much as possible.
As he did this with Rory in the room, time passed, and the pointers of the clock soon marked the middle of the afternoon.
At 3 pm., the flames surrounding Rory's body calmed down and he slowly left his meditation state.
When one meditates for several hours, one cannot quickly leave the state of concentration.
It was dangerous to leave the state of concentration rapidly!
Meditation was something that was absolutely necessary for magicians to become stronger, but it was also a weakness for such people. During meditation, one could not be disturbed and could even become a cripple if one lost control over the elements and the mana penetrating one's being.
In simple terms, think of meditation as the process of filling a bucket with water. However, while water contains 'n' different kinds of substances, the bucket in question could not contain all of these substances, only a small part of them.
The bucket was the magical nature of these beings, while the substances were the elements.
During meditation, one would do the process that, in the case of filling the bucket with water, would be done through a sieve that would only allow what was compatible with it to remain in the bucket.
If you lose control of this selection, unfamiliar elements, sometimes even contrary to your affinities, could 'stick' to your essence and cause 'n' different problems.
Because of this complexity, leaving the state of concentration was something that had to be done calmly.
But after 2 minutes since the flames around his body had died down, Rory finally opened his eyes, satisfied with the results of his hours of hard work absorbing the essence of this pill.
But when he looked at Vicente, Rory's expression suddenly changed as he saw something he wasn't expecting.
"What? How is that possible?"



Chapter 86 Epiphany
The moment he looked at Vicente, Rory saw bluish rays around his friend's body that were much larger than the ones he had seen earlier.
At the same time, the ground up to 4 meters away from Vicente was distorted, but not only that, the mana near the black-haired young man's body was violent.
Vicente's yellow magical gem was glowing brightly on his forehead, much more than before, while it seemed to be the center of a mana vortex.
Seeing this, Rory didn't hesitate to try to sense Vicente's power and soon opened his mouth in shock.
"Intermediate Apprentice! How is that possible?' He exclaimed in his mind, his eyes twitching as he saw Vicente cross the barrier between Junior and Intermediate as if it were a simple matter.
Rory had a Green-grade talent, but after absorbing a pill of the same type as the one Vice had swallowed, he had only reached the peak of his level.
Unfortunately, he still needed an extra boost to become an Intermediate Apprentice.
But when he awoke, Rory was satisfied because he felt that even without pills, he could increase his level in no more than a week of meditation.
However, when Rory saw that Vice could do this after taking just one pill like him, he couldn't help but be shocked.
People with different magical talents should absorb resources in proportion to their talents.
Someone with a high talent would use much more of the medicinal power of the pill they ingested. In contrast, someone with a lower talent would miss out on most of the opportunities such a resource would provide.
But even though Vicente's talent was lower than Rory's, he still managed to get more out of the pill than his red-haired friend!
'Could it be that these pills had different qualities? No, that's impossible! I saw what Vice took, and it was very similar to my pill.' Rory thought to himself, trying to understand the situation.
It didn't bother him that Vice was now at a higher level than he was. This was a very happy thing for Rory because he saw this black-haired young man as his brother.
However, seeing something illogical before he had made the red-haired young man curious.
'Maybe it's Vicente's elemental affinity?'
As Rory tried to find the source of this strangeness, the lightning around Vincent gradually decreased in intensity as he stabilized his magical cultivation at a new level.
Fully aware of what he had just accomplished, Vicente felt the mana under his control increase significantly.
It didn't compare to the difference he felt when receiving his Magic Gem, but he felt now at least 50% more powerful than before!
'Unbelievable! The amount of mana in one increases that much after a single breakthrough?' He wondered as he finished his meditation and slowly began feeling more than just his body again.
Indeed, breakthroughs would bring great benefits to magicians.
In the magical world, the difference between the peak of one level and the peak of the next level was not a difference between one thing and another.
If the peak of level 'x' was 10, sometimes the beginning of level 'x+1' might be 15, 20, in short, a value much higher than 10.
As one's level increased, one's strength, understanding of the world, elemental affinity, and so on would significantly improve. As for the advancement of the magical level, it was even more tremendous, and therefore, one would need a new Magical Pentagram, or one could die with such an uncontrolled increase in power.
Realizing this from his own experience, Vicente understood how important caution was in the magical world but also how absurd its powers were.
'My second magical form is behind this breakthrough... Incredible! It looks like it's even more impressive than I thought! He clenched his fists, feeling elated at his magical growth.
Opening his eyes, Vicente saw Rory watching him intently and immediately noticed that his friend had not been as lucky as he had been.
'How do I explain this?' Vice asked himself, sensing that this was going to be a problem.
'Vice... Congratulations, man. I don't know what to say! I wasn't expecting that." Rory went over to him and said it sincerely before hugging his friend.
"Hmm, me neither. But I guess I had an epiphany while absorbing the magical essence of this pill. I got more than I expected." Vicente said, looking into his friend's eyes.
"Really? What luck, man!" Rory said, supposing that this was probably the case.
Epiphanies were special moments for magicians when, for some reason, they suddenly had a great moment of inspiration and could understand their own powers much more deeply.
In Polaris Realm, there were legends of great magicians who were able to create some of the most valuable spells on the continent during epiphanies!
"Anyway, you're an Intermediate Apprentice now, Vice. How does that feel?" Rory asked as he patted his friend on the shoulder.
"It's perfect. I feel like a bull about to explode." Vicente clenched one of his fists, revealing several veins on his arm.
 "Good! As we go about our business, more dangers will come our way. Your growing strength will help our cause!" Rory said as he put on a shirt, his stomach rumbling.
Meditation might not seem tiring, but it was an activity that took a lot out of magicians.
After a single hour of meditation, a magician would be hungry. But after several hours, Rory and Vicente were starving!
Hearing the sound of Rory's stomach, Vicente started to get dressed and said. "Let's eat at Zander's Tavern. I'll pay for today's meal."
"Oh? Are you sick or something? I think your advance has affected your head, my friend!" Rory joked with his friend, who was usually very frugal.
Vicente didn't mind, and as he left the training room, he said. "Call one of our men to come with us. I want to hear the results of the investigation on these blacksmiths."
In the days since the meeting with Lukas, Rory, and Vicente had ordered their men to investigate the names of the three blacksmiths.
Earlier today, one of Vincent's men had come to him to report on their findings, but for the moment, Vice had left to deal with that after taking the last pill.
Rory heard this and quickly searched for that person while Vicente went to get some coins from his office.
With the daily work of his men at three local establishments, the group currently had 41 gold coins, 2,895 silver coins, and 15,956 bronze coins.
After picking up 256 bronze coins, he left with Rory and an Intermediate Apprentice, who were naturally shocked to learn of their leader's promotion.
"Boss, congratulations on your breakthrough!" That man said on the way to the tavern before they arrived at Zander's tavern and found a seat.
"Mason, tell me about your findings. Are any of these names compatible with our plans?" Vicente got straight to the point shortly after they sat down to wait for their food.



Chapter 87 Complex Relationship
Upon hearing his boss' question, the robust and rustic-looking man sitting across from Vicente and Rory immediately began to report his group's findings.
"Starting with the blacksmith Landon Fraser. As Lukas Oak informed us, he is a level 4 Acolyte famous in Millfall.
Even though he is only a 2nd-stage blacksmith, he is already a Millfall Blacksmiths Association Council member. He is considered talented or more talented than his master, a 3rd-stage blacksmith.
He currently has openings for new junior blacksmiths. Anyone interested should go to his shop in the town center and pay for the assessment."
Some professionals charged for accepting new students. But even those who didn't charge for accepting new disciples wouldn't waste their time with curious people. So they charged for the examination.
Low-level practitioners did this in their shops, sometimes even in their homes, where they would receive interested young people at any time of the year. But the more powerful and renowned professionals had big events to welcome new disciples, with tests as you would find in a school competition on Earth.
These were attractions that could reveal great talents, connect masters and potential disciples, provide entertainment for ordinary people, and generate large amounts of coins.
A few of these famous events eventually took place even in the Seidel Kingdom, where more than one high-level professional would launch their openings for new juniors.
However, this only worked with more powerful people, and only 2nd and 3rd stage professionals usually did not dare to hold such an event.
Few people would show up, and few super talents would show up at small events, and there was something better on the continent.
Knowing this, Vicente and Rory did not find what the man said strange. They felt that it was pretty normal for them to simply go to this blacksmith's house and undergo a test if they wanted to, of course.
The man continued. "He seems to be an excellent smith, boss. He would certainly make a good teacher. But I wouldn't consider his name forward."
"Why?" Rory asked while drinking something, without a mask on his face, since no one in the area knew his identity, neither Vicente's nor that man's.
He answered. "Because he is a professional who is focused on the path of forging, who occasionally participates in competitions and the like with his students.
He is someone who is rising in the association and will not stand still. He will undoubtedly use his disciples and contacts to grow, bosses."
This was expected. In the magic world, one would use everything at one's disposal to become stronger, gain access to resources, and improve one's political power.
If you could not gain resources or advancement, you would try to gain status, because if you could not be stronger, being more influential was the key to having more power.
The ability to move other magicians was what separated an ordinary person from a powerful one, something that could make a huge difference.
The ranks of magic cultivation did not indicate who lived better in this world. There were certainly common Mages in this vast world who lived better than Paragons!
Depending on one's influence, even much more powerful beings would have to bow down before them.
Such was the case with the King of Seidel, a man who controlled so much power in the state that even men from sects outside the kingdom were wary of him.
Vicente heard this and agreed with his friend's analysis. "Hmm, someone like that won't be good for me. I don't have time to compete."
Hearing this, the black-bearded man said. "Considering that, I do not think the second name, Zane Smith, suits the boss either.
Zane is a blacksmith from a family that focuses on the path of forging. Not only would he not easily accept disciples outside of his family, but he was also expected to participate in various competitions and events with his disciples.
He's a rival of Landon's, so the boss would have pretty much the same problems I already said if you were Zane's disciple." The man said just as River stopped beside them with several plates and drinks.
River smiled subtly but said nothing to the group, acting as if they were just regular customers of his tavern.
Vicente's mercenary group was registered under a false name, and when he registered with the local mercenary guild, this black-haired young man had not revealed his identity to anyone.
At the same time, he had already made a deal and removed his name from the papers of the property where his group was operating.
That was why he and his people dared to come to this place in broad daylight without masks.
Vicente saw River and complimented him. "I see your tavern has improved a lot lately. It looks like those violent guards got results, huh?"
"Hmm, we do it for the good of our patrons."
Vicente said nothing more, soon sampling the fried chicken on his plate before drinking the establishment's famous ale.
After River left them, Rory ordered the Intermediate Apprentice to continue.
"As for Benson King, he is definitely the best name for the boss, not only because he is the only one left, but because of his track record." The fellow said while devouring his food.
"Blacksmith Benson is one of the four local 3rd-stage blacksmiths, but he is the least involved in public events such as competitions.
 Even within the association, he is rumored to be a ghost, as he rarely attends the meetings of the Elders Council, of which he has been a member for several decades."
"That sounds interesting," Rory commented as he drank half a mug of ale.
"Yes, and from what my group found out, he's been a recluse forever. He doesn't have a family, doesn't date women, and doesn't leave his house much.
His disciples usually have a lot of freedom, and most leave town when they reach a certain level."
Becoming a disciple of a magician was not an everyday thing. It was not the same as having a teacher in a school, or even hiring a teacher to teach you individually.
Accepting a master was as complex as accepting a woman or man to marry such a person!
One could not casually become someone else's disciple, and even less could one disown one's master or lose one's status as a disciple.
It was difficult to separate from a spouse, but it was complicated to stop being someone's master or disciple.
In this complex relationship, the master had rights similar to those of the disciples' parents and could even restrict certain freedoms of their disciples.
This was not so strong that a disciple was like a slave. But as long as the master's order was not harmful to the disciple, even if the disciple was rebellious and wanted to do something else, he could be prevented or forced to do something else by the mere power of his master's orders!
That's why Vicente valued so much the possibility of having the freedom not to participate in competitions and similar events when he became someone's disciple.
He did not want to waste his time or be forced to expose himself for the sake of his future master's goals in forging!
So, he was naturally interested in the name of someone who did not prevent his own disciples from leaving and pursuing their own affairs.



Chapter 88 Inflation
"Where does he accept disciples? I think I'll stop by his place later." Vicente asked, interested in getting in touch with this person.
"He has a house on the south end of town. He offers his services there but also gives aptitude tests to new blacksmiths for the cost of 10 gold coins.
He does not have a set number of places for new students. From what my group has discovered, as long as you have a talent that interests him, Blacksmith Benson is willing to take you as a disciple.
But there's a catch, boss." The man said in a lower tone.
"There are no free lunches... What is the price for the freedoms he offers?" Vicente asked.
"That's not clear. It can vary. From what I've heard, some of his students have to pay Blacksmith Benson a fraction of what they make from their products. Others have to pay a monthly fee to study under his tutelage, and there's a case of someone who supposedly has to pay fees for every advancement he makes."
Rory frowned, realizing how strange that was. "What do you think of that, Vicente? To me, this guy must have a complicated past, and we won't just have advantages if you become his student."
Vice closed his eyes and made up his mind. "I'll see if it's worth it after I meet him. I'm not in a position to make demands, and of course, there will be a price for me to keep the freedoms I'm interested in."
Vicente didn't think the world owed him anything, nor did he think that just because he had transmigrated, he was special for the world to give him everything he needed.
For all he knew, there might be other transmigrants out there just like him!
Besides, he wouldn't think like an unreasonable person who would see problems in paying for other people's services. It was only natural that one would have to return the actions of others somehow.
An attack could naturally trigger a counterattack. A service, on the other hand, requires payment!
Only a person with a mind far removed from reality would think they did not have to 'pay' for what they consumed!
Rory agreed to look into the cost of Vicente becoming a disciple of Benson and said no more on the subject.
They soon ate everything on their plates and finished their alcohol.
When they finished what they had to do there, Vicente paid River and went alone to Benson's location at one end of Millfall.
Rory and the other man went off to solve their own problems, with the young redhead in his free time, but committed to continuing his magical training to reach the same level as Vice.
'I'll be back at headquarters...'
...
A few minutes later, Vicente was standing in front of a property that looked abandoned from a distance.
But upon arriving, Vice immediately heard a metallic sound coming from a part of the large structure that did not look like a house but rather a large warehouse.
A lawn surrounded this warehouse, while rusty railings marked the property's boundaries.
Darkness shrouded much of this property, so much so that only the streetlight from the nearby lamppost showed some of the contours of this place.
'This place looks a bit strange... Is this really the property of a Mage?' Vicente wondered, looking thoughtfully at the property across the street.
Millfall was a small city compared to the larger cities Vicente had seen in his life on Earth. But even though it was also a small place by Polaris Realm standards, there were Mages here.
However, aside from the fact that there were only a few 3rd stage magicians in the area, most of the Mages in Millfall were professionals who could not fight.
As a result, those who had reached this stage were among the wealthiest and best positioned in this place, and few could threaten them or even disrupt their business.
Vicente's common sense told him that Benson must be wealthy, so when he saw this place, he could not help but doubt that this was the man's property.
'Has my man made a mistake?' He thought as he crossed the street.
'Professionals have the great advantage of not having to fight to become strong. Therefore, most of them find it easier to progress in cultivation than warriors. Then how could someone like Benson live in a place like this? He's not only powerful, but he must also be one of the wealthiest people here!'
Vicente was not an extravagant person, much less did he think that a person with coins had to live in an exhibitionist manner. But he did appreciate good quality things, a nice house to live in, good transportation, education, etc.
He would not waste his resources on a watch, for example. Yet, he was the kind of person who, with the resources at his disposal, would have good clothes, eat in the best restaurants, and so on.
As such, he found the place strange and dismissed the possibility of meeting Benson there.
But confident that his men would not make such a big mistake for anything, he decided to try at least to communicate with the person behind the metallic sounds coming from there.
He knocked on an iron gate of that place, making a sharp noise that spread to the warehouse-like building there.
 The metallic sounds of moments ago stopped, and Vicente realized that he had the attention of whoever was there.
"Hello, good evening. I am looking for the blacksmith Benson King. Could you tell me if this is his property?" He asked politely, narrowing his eyes to see better in the dark.
His pupils grew bigger, and Vicente saw a shadow near the spot.
Then, a gruff voice of an elder reached the black-haired young man's ears. "I am Blacksmith Benson, young man. What are you doing here? Have you come to seek my services?" The voice asked, but Vicente still couldn't see this person.
Vicente replied, still looking around the dark part of this property. "Not exactly. I heard that the senior accept disciples. Is that true? I would like to show you what I can do."
"Oh?" A light emerged from the mansion, clearing the surroundings enough for Vicente to see what the shadow he had just seen was.
Seeing the place clearer, Vice almost jumped back when he saw a metallic doll just 10 meters away from him.
'What the fuck!'
While Vincent was startled by this apparition, Blacksmith Benson appeared at the entrance after opening the main door of that building and looked at the young man's forehead with interest.
'That's quite an unusual shape, huh? Your talent is not good, but let's see what you can do.' He thought before he said. "All right, kid, I want to see what you can do. But to come to me, give this old thing 11 gold coins. He won't open the door for you if you don't."
"11 gold coins?" Vicente asked, surprised.
"Yes, the price has gone up. Get used to it. Inflation is catching up with us all."



Chapter 89 Show What You Can Do
Vicente bitterly laughed when he heard that. There was almost no inflation in the magical world. If one were to try to classify this place, it was certainly a deflationary society, not an inflationary one like most states on Earth.
In Polaris Realm, you could earn a coin today, and in 500 years, the same coin could buy more than it could today.
It was an impressive thing that had struck Vicente when he first heard about it from his father.
However, the prices of some services, natural resources, and even magical artifacts could vary greatly depending on supply and demand.
For example, there were only a few 3rd stage blacksmiths in Millfall.
Therefore, artifacts created by blacksmiths of that stage would be more expensive in Millfall than in a place where there was a greater supply of blacksmiths of that stage for the same number of potential customers.
Somewhere in the kingdom, or even on the continent, there must be resources similar to those found in Millfall, with prices much lower or higher than those found locally.
The same was true for services, such as an aptitude test, like the one Vicente had to do to attract this man.
But he had nothing to say to Benson and simply did what he had to, handing the coins to the metallic creature near him.
After collecting the 11 gold coins, this metal figure moved as smoothly as a wooden training dummy would move and opened the front door of this estate for Vicente.
Vicente watched the metal creature walk toward Benson with interest, noting how complex it seemed.
But when he saw the man walking back into the building that looked like a warehouse, he soon followed him faster and found himself inside the building.
Upon entering, Vicente was surprised to find a large forge with several furnaces, piles of various metals here and there, unfinished artifacts, and even ores that still needed to be processed.
The area was quite large. Almost the entire first floor of this building was just a large work area for the blacksmiths. But from there, Vicente could see some rooms on the 2nd and 3rd floors where there were toilets, libraries, and study rooms.
'Obviously, Benson is a true scholar of his art, who must have had many students...' Vicente thought to himself, thinking that the internal structure of this place was very attractive to young blacksmiths.
As far as Vice knew, professionals of most specializations were more focused on themselves than on their students. And while many had teaching facilities, as far as the young man knew, they were not up to the level of what he saw at this estate.
This was supposed to be Benson's house. Still, it looked more like a small part of a college, not a house like the many others owned by blacksmiths and other local professionals.
That was another point in Benson's favor.
"This place looks great, senior. I imagine this place gets filled with your students occasionally, no?" He asked, still observing the area, while Benson was already standing beside an ore he was working on.
"No," Benson said dryly before voicing. "Come on, boy, show me what you're capable of. Let's see what your skills are like."
He pointed to the center of a circular area where there was room for one to use his forging skills and create artifacts from scratch.
There were all the necessary tools and materials to forge anything one wanted and could.
For blacksmiths, there was nothing better than putting their skills to the test and showing a higher-level master what they were capable of.
Perhaps some could not produce anything of quality without proper study of the craft or even the tutelage of a more skilled master. However, the very act of attempting to produce something could reveal much about one's ability.
Even a rough diamond would have its beauty in the eyes of someone who knew its value and could appreciate its potential!
But Vicente went against the expectations of this local expert.
"Senior Benson, I don't know how to work with this. I've never tried anything like it and don't know the basics of forging. But I made the armor I'm wearing. Would you like to analyze it?"
Benson's eyes narrowed as he became extremely serious.
Even though he had received the gold coins from this young man, he did not want to waste his time!
"You don't know anything about forging... Then how did you make the armor?" He asked as his face went dark.
"That's one of the features of my first skill," Vicente said without giving more details.
"Is it? Then let me see it up close." Benson stood up, and the Yellow Gem on his forehead shone brightly, making the drop design on his forehead very beautiful.
Next, a Red Pentagram emerged from his body, and blue flames appeared around Vicente's body, scaring him a little with its temperature.
But these flames did not touch Vice's body under Benson's control and only surrounded his strange armor.
"Huh? That's quite strange, young man. Even though it is fragile, it has perfect connections, as if the metal had been melted over your own body rather than arranged together." Benson frowned as he felt everything about the armor.
 "Also, it was made from a number of metals that would normally be difficult to combine..."
Not every feature in an artifact would combine well!
In the magical world, things could have their affinities, and as such, not every mixture was possible, be it in armor or other things like pills.
"But all of these metals are very common, and as a result, this armor does not have any fascinating defensive power."
He extinguished his flames and looked at Vicente, especially at the young man's Magic Gem.
Benson had never seen such a gem before, but as much as it was good and he was as talented as the black-haired young man, he was only interested in training young monsters who could surpass him.
So he said. "Will you show me how you made this armor? That alone is not enough for me to invite you to become my disciple."
The ability to create 'perfect' things without connections that could weaken parts of an artifact was exciting. Especially since with this ability, one could create things that were very difficult to make with only flame control skills, shape control skills, and specially applied power.
But without seeing more, even if he was interested, Benson still wasn't convinced to invite a young man who didn't even know how to use a hammer.
Vicente didn't make it difficult for himself and activated his ability, moving his mana as his Red Pentagram appeared.
At that moment, he felt a great weight on his conscience as he noticed a large amount of metal under his grasp.
Benson immediately frowned when he noticed this!



Chapter 90 The Masters Guidance
"What a divine skill!" He exclaimed as he felt even the metal objects on his body tremble before Vicente's skill.
Vicente ignored the old blacksmith's comment and manipulated the metals only from his armor, leaving his body with only his social clothes and shaping spears, arrows, and daggers in his surroundings.
"Senior, this is my first skill. I can manipulate metallic materials to take any shape I want. Yet, I can also move them freely within a certain range." He explained the basics.
"This skill is made for the forging world! Little one, you are interested in becoming my disciple, right? Very well, I accept you as such!" Benson said, excited at the possibilities this Vicente skill would bring to his world.
Like any blacksmith, he sought the pinnacle of his craft. Some of his greatest dreams were projects he had never been able to complete for lack of skill, but he had not given up, confident that one day he would find someone capable of bringing his inventions to 'life.'
Seeing Vicente display this particular skill, he couldn't help but think that he had finally found the talent he needed to at least try to make progress on these projects.
Of course, Vicente needed to improve a lot, as his control over this skill was still fragile, and he was creating artifacts with many flaws.
But Vicente had also told him that he had never studied or forged anything. In that case, this boy could develop a lot with his guidance and eventually become a 2nd-stage blacksmith in a few months!
'If all goes well, I can show him one of my ideas to work on together in no time!' Benson thought to himself as he saw the beautiful Red Pentagram spinning around one of Vicente's hands.
Vicente smiled upon hearing this and immediately manipulated the metals back into his body.
"Hmm, but I heard that the senior makes demands on your disciples, right? I wonder what I must do before accepting you as my master."
Vicente was no fool. He would not sign a blank check with such a person!
Hearing this, Benson saw no problem with this young man trying to negotiate with him and quickly said what he expected from Vice. "Lad, the job of a master is to teach, and the very fact of teaching good seeds already has the potential to bear fruit for us masters. But I also have ambitions, running costs, and things I need.
Not every disciple returns to his master what he has willingly received, so of course, I charge my students something. But I won't charge you too much. You will have plenty of freedom to come and go, to study and train with me whenever you want, just like most of my students. But in exchange for the freedoms and what I will teach you, you will have to help me make some of my dreams come true".
Vicente narrowed his eyes. This was rather vague and could range from very simple to extremely complex things.
"What dreams?"
"I want you to help me build some artifacts when you become strong and skilled enough to bring some of my projects to 'life.' After you do that, you will owe me nothing but recognition." Benson said as he sat down beside Vicente.
Recognition was something that almost every master demanded from their disciples.
If one day a disciple became great, no matter how much greater than their master, by promising recognition, they would still have to be recognized as a disciple of 'x.'
Not only that, one could not become a disciple of a new master after accepting the first, so even if they learned from others, they would still have to recognize only one as their true master!
Vicente knew this and was not bothered by Benson's request. "If it is only that, I agree."
With these words, Benson quickly made a Magical Agreement with Vicente, sealing their new relationship before the 14-year-old man could greet his master for the first time under these circumstances.
"The student recognizes the master. Please take me to the top." Vicente said aloud as he bowed his head.
Nevertheless, the two drank alcohol together, a common tradition in this world.
When he saw the young man, who had little experience with such drinks, coughing and his face turning red, Benson laughed and wasted no time. "All right, boy, tell me what you want from the blacksmith's art. Do you want fame as a blacksmith?"
"Not at all, master." Vicente was sincere, knowing he could not lie, though he did not need to talk about his plans. "Like you, I have my projects. But today, I am unable to develop them due to my inability in front of the forge."
"So you will develop your abilities just to complete this project?" Benson saw a lot of himself in Vice and did not say anything like "what a waste." "Very well. I will help you achieve that without you having to participate in silly competitions and tournaments.
But as a blacksmith, you still have to join the association. This is not only an obligation for us but also an opportunity for you."
"All right." Vicente knew that the Association was much bigger than Benson and that it might be useful to him one day.
Benson then changed the subject, leaving it to Vicente to get to know him better in the many moments they would surely have to work together in the future.
Knowing what he wanted as a blacksmith was what mattered at the moment.
"But Vicente, now you have to work hard. You are 14 years old, right? I can see that you have only recently awakened your powers, so even though your magic level is not bad, you are far behind other blacksmiths of the same level." Benson advised.
One did not become a true blacksmith until one passed the test of the Association and earned one's identification in that organization.
But young people began studying blacksmithing as early as 10 years old, after the primary academy period.
By the time Vicente should have stayed at his father's side to learn his trade, many young people would have used those 4 years to develop a basic knowledge of blacksmithing.
 They wouldn't be able to create anything without good mana control, something that would come only after Awakening. However, they could learn about different materials, forging techniques, how skills with an affinity for forging changed how blacksmiths worked, etc.
Even if he didn't want to compete with other blacksmiths, Vicente was far behind young people who did this from the age of 10 to 14. As a master, Benson obviously didn't want his apprentice to be so far behind at his age.
Vicente could be missing out on tremendous opportunities by not being as skilled as other blacksmiths of his age and level!
"Starting today, I want you to study the four basic volumes of forging and the use of a hammer," Benson ordered. "Your skills are excellent, and you must think you don't need a hammer. But until you understand how to make something with your hammer, you will find it challenging to make things with your skill.
Mastering the hammer and other forging processes will refine your control over your Magic Pentagram. So do that for now." He said as a pile of books appeared before Vicente, piling up to the same height as him.
A wooden hammer and some training items fell at his feet, along with the books.
"After you read them all and train with these items for 10 hours, return. We'll talk then."



Chapter 91 Attracting Attention
Four days later...
It was nightfall in Millfall, and it was raining moderately over the city.
The streets were virtually deserted, and smoke billowed from the many chimneys around the city, warming the homes of the locals from the chill that usually accompanied this time of year.
But while most of the people in town were in their homes resting or socializing with their families, in a building further away from the center of town, many people were having fun.
The lighting in this building was somewhat different, with warm colors that matched the red walls of the interior of this building.
A special scent surrounded the entire interior of this place while music played, helping to drown out the many conversations of the people in the area but also cheering up the many customers there.
Beautiful ladies in little dresses circulated around the area, all of them attractive and always with a smile on their faces.
If Rory saw this place, he would realize what was being sold there...
But while in some corridors of this building, 'characteristic' sounds came from the throats of men in 'dancing' women, there was a luxurious office on the top floor of this 4-story building.
There were five men, most of them very well dressed, in this office of about 200 square meters, which even had a bathtub, but it was not being used at the moment.
At one end of this superb office, the men sat around a large desk, where the bigger seat in the area had its back to a glass wall that overlooked much of the city.
"Boss, a group on the rise has been attracting local attention lately." A man standing next to the table said in a grave tone but without expressing much concern.
"A group attracting attention?" A tall, strong blond man asked, looking at the standing subordinate.
Meanwhile, the boss sitting in the largest chair narrowed his eyes and asked. "Why haven't I heard anything about them if they are attracting attention? Is this group, by any chance, operating outside of our territory?"
The subordinate explained to his leaders. "I expressed myself badly. Sorry. This group has attracted the attention of some merchants in the city area that no other group controls.
This group of mercenaries started offering their services to two taverns a few days ago. After only a few days of operation, they already protect 6 taverns and a store in the area.
It is growing rapidly and slowly becoming big enough to attract attention with its operation."
"Oh? A group on the rise? What are they doing?" A tanned, balding man asked as he sat across from the group leader.
"They protect the facilities. I have heard that some of the subordinates of our less important members have already been affected by this group. They are dealing with petty thieves and improving security in the area." The subordinate said, speaking calmly, for although he was there to inform, he didn't feel threatened.
As far as he knew, the group mainly consisted of Apprentices and relied heavily on strategies that wouldn't work for long or against any kind of competition. As far as he was concerned, this group would grow a bit and then stagnate.
However, as someone who worked for an important person who might be interested in this little group, he had to report on it.
It wasn't his job to decide if it was important!
"That sounds a bit like what we do, right?" A black-haired man asked, looking at his boss.
They acted a little differently, but they also provided protection. Protection from themselves!
Those who did not want their establishments to be threatened, looted, or robbed within the territory of this group had to pay a monthly fee. These businesses could operate normally, even at night, by paying this fee.
The members of this group would not take action against such places, and if someone did take action in their territory, they would have problems with them!
The boss of this criminal organization heard this and said. "Parker, keep an eye on this group. If they get to the point where they generate enough to cover the cost of a battalion, send someone to connect us with them immediately.
But if they turn out to be on the side of our enemies, do not hesitate to order the destruction of these amateurs.
"OK, boss!" The subordinate who brought the information said before leaving, determined to assign someone to watch over Vicente and Rory's group!
...
Meanwhile, at the estate where Nina and Eve lived, they were having a special dinner together with Vicente and Rory today.
After Vicente became Benson's new disciple, days passed, and Rory had finally advanced to the second level of the magical rank, Intermediate Apprentice!
As a vital member of this family, his advancement delighted everyone there, and tonight, they were celebrating together.
But that was not all they had to celebrate. Days after the previous situation with the Peters family, they began to feel the effects of their success.
Now, six taverns like Zander's were under their protection, and this morning, an extracts shop had begun to be protected by this group.
 With the right subordinate, Vicente created another group in the local mercenary guild to justify his actions without exceeding the number of people in his group.
This was a corrupt society. Some laws hindered those who did not know or have the means to corrupt the right people. But with the courage to bribe and coins piling up in his hands, Vicente had used this to keep up appearances and bring his group "within" the law.
He now had 7 establishments under his protection, and another 3, a magic shop, a blacksmith shop, and an inn, all in his neighborhood, would join his operation in the next few days.
These 10 establishments were located within 3 blocks of the area where his group was based, his territory for the time being.
In this area, in addition to the men who guarded the establishments, men were strategically positioned around the main streets.
Gradually, the value of their territory increased, and the most recent agreements regarding these 3 new establishments even included higher monthly fees for Vicente's group.
Instead of 1 gold coin, these establishments would have to pay 3 gold coins per month!
This was not much, but it was enough to improve the group's savings. Not only that, but this small amount was important to increase the group's territory.
Depending on how one looked at the situation of this group, one could see Vicente's action as charging rent for an area that was not even his!
Once he was recognized as the "owner" of the area, he could raise the prices as he pleased!
As they ate with Eve and Nina, Rory and Vicente laughed heartily, pleased with what they had done so far, but much more to come.
Vice announced when everyone was silent for a few moments. "I'm sorry, Nina, I won't be able to have dinner with you tomorrow. Next night, we are going to meet Baron Irwin."



Chapter 92 At the Barons Estate
"Baron Irwin? Are you going to make a deal with another baron, brother?" Nina asked with interest.
She was very interested in the family business. Still, her brother had always been very mysterious when talking about such things with her.
However, as someone with various weaknesses and who might not have a promising future, she wanted to learn the family business and try to help her older brother somehow.
Nina had not walked properly since the incident years ago. At the time, a 3rd stage doctor had told Andrew worrying things about her future. After years, she and Vicente were slowly learning to deal with some of these problems in practice.
But Nina's ability to regenerate and adapt was higher than that doctor thought. After years, she had regained some of her mobility. Her motor skills had greatly improved, among many other improvements. Even her mana control had skyrocketed in those years!
The only thing that hadn't improved was her hearing.
But even with her various evolutions, Nina herself realized that she was magically very different from her peers and didn't have many expectations of getting a Magic Gem.
No one needed to tell her what the doctor had told Andrew years ago. She felt for herself and wanted to help her brother in other ways.
Unfortunately, Vice didn't want her involved in his affairs for some reason.
Vice replied to his sister, "Yes. I will see if there is a chance for us to do business."
"What is the relevance of doing business with this person, brother? Is there a problem with our other customers?" Nine pressed the issue, knowing that as crucial as it was to do business with Barons, it was ideal for someone who already had a deal with half a dozen Barons to approach a Viscount.
"There's no problem, Nina. Don't worry, just keep studying and having fun." Vice smiled at her.
He wanted her to have a quiet and carefree life. That's why he didn't talk about what he did with Rory and his men, let alone being willing to teach her his art.
One might think that it would be good for him to teach her. After all, something might happen to him, and she might need skills to earn coins and support herself without depending on others.
But the world was not that simple. Could a disabled and possibly not very promising girl run a business?
Even if she knew how to do business, would anyone allow her to run anything? A bold subordinate would definitely try to manipulate her or even steal her enterprise.
If he taught her something, it might put her in more danger when he could no longer help her!
That's why he preferred Nina to be ignorant!
Nina heard Vicente's answer and once again did not like being left out. But she didn't say anything. She respected her older brother too much to insist on a conversation he obviously didn't want to have.
'One day, I'll still be involved in the family business, brother! I won't let you suffer alone!'
...
The next day, Vicente and Rory left Nina and Eve at home and took the family carriage to Baron Irwin's estate.
Both were very well dressed, and Vicente was not wearing his metal armor as he did when acting on behalf of his side business.
Both young men had hats on their heads and at least three layers of cloth over much of their bodies, enough to make even ugly people look elegant.
Though handsome and physically fit young men, these clothes made them more attractive to young ladies.
When they arrived in front of Baron Irwin's gorgeous mansion in the noble area of the city, where most of the noble estates were located, they got out of their carriage, attracting the attention of several women in the area.
Like a private neighborhood of residences on Earth, the residences in this part of the city had no walls to protect the integrity of each property.
At most, one would find living fences that decorated rather than protected the place.
In the streets, rich people and nobles who lived in this affluent area walked on the sidewalks with their pets, children, or even alone.
Just like on Earth, there were dangers for nobles and wealthy people to have outdoor activities. But in this area, people of these classes could enjoy themselves without much worry.
As Vicente and Rory stepped out of the carriage to walk to the door of the Irwin residence, they attracted the attention of several ladies who were strolling through the area common to the residents of this neighborhood.
'What a unique Magic Gem...' A young red-haired girl, walking next to a four-legged feline creature, thought to herself as she looked at Vicente.
Seeing that he was heading for the Irwin estate, she pondered. 'Are the Irwins going to make a new ally? I suppose that's good news for them. Especially now that young master Irwin is missing...'
'Could it be that their luck has run out?' An orange-haired woman across the street thought about it as she looked at Rory, wondering where this guy came from.
People with good talents were usually associated with nobility. Most of them became nobles as they grew stronger or descended from nobles.
 Imagining that the Irwin family was about to gain a new ally, the young blonde frowned and lamented the end of this arrogant young man's family's misfortune.
'Tsk! I hope you have died, Sean! A pervert like you deserves to die!' She clenched her fists, ignoring what her friend was saying in her ear.
"Shelby, are you looking at those guys? You shouldn't be doing that! You're engaged to young master Symons! I hear he's very jealous." The friend walking next to the young orange-haired woman said, warning her friend.
"And that's why I can't look at other people? My goodness, Alice!" The blonde declared as she looked ahead, sighing inwardly.
"I hate these people! Damned arrogant nobles! They think they own people!"
Vicente and Rory didn't know what the people watching them in the area were thinking, and soon they were standing in front of the front door of their destination where a butler and a maid were standing on either side of the door.
"Mr. Fuller? Mr. Point? Are you here to see Baron Irwin?" The old man with a goatee asked while the servant looked curiously but silently at the symbol on Vicente's forehead.
"We are. Are we too early?" Vicente smiled as he greeted these people with respect.
He had learned from his Don on Earth that treating people like these well could sometimes lead to unimaginable things. Since then, he has always treated his subordinates well, no matter how small they were.
"Not at all. Please accompany us. The Baron is getting ready, but he shouldn't be long." The butler led the way into this grand residence, less grand than the Baron Vice had met in Saltstar City but still very magnificent.
Not all barons were alike!
As they entered, the maid promptly explained in a low voice some of the people and artifacts they saw on their way to the waiting room.



Chapter 93 Questioning
"Do you see the young man with blond hair?" She asked in a low voice, trying to help them. "This is the Baron's first son and the heir of the Irwin family. You must pay attention to him if you want to have a long relationship with this family."
Hearing this, Rory looked with interest at the older brother of the fool who had threatened Vicente days ago.
Unlike that fellow, this person was a few levels stronger, and even though he was obviously very young, he was already a level 2 Acolyte!
The Baron's butler heard this woman's comment but said nothing.
It was not their duty to help people who came to this residence, but it was no problem for one of them to do something like that.
Vicente looked at the heir of the Irwin family and said nothing, continuing to listen to the woman who was helping them.
"Right in front of you, you can see the painting of Mrs. Irwin, where the cleaner is dusting the statue right in front of her." She pointed the painting further down the corridor they had just entered so that the two young men looked in the direction of the mother of the Baron's only three children.
The baron had several women. This society allowed for the formation of harems. Even so, marriage was a sacred institution, allowing only one man and one woman. Any other configuration was frowned upon by society and forbidden.
But even with several women, the only one who had borne his children had been his wife, who had died of an illness years before.
Conception in this magic world had its complications. It was not easy at all to give birth to magical futures!
If it were easy, the world would quickly become overcrowded with the most talented people's children, who would reproduce intensely throughout their lives, leading to the collapse of this world.
The number of resources was limited!
So even if you tried to have as many children as possible, sometimes you would not be able to have even one child, as was the case with the Baron's other women.
This woman continued explaining some basic things about this family to the two friends until they reached where Vicente and Rory would be waiting for the Baron.
As they left them there, the butler asked the servant dressed as a maid. "Why did you help these two?"
"Because they are two sweethearts, Elliot." She smiled at him. "Maybe they'll be grateful and return to this old woman in the future... I have my needs, too, you know."
The old man wasn't fooled by this comment and Lena's smile.
'You don't fool me, Lena...'
Servants like her did not have many options. Having good contacts sometimes allowed people like that to leave their situation to get something more in this society.
Not everyone would accept making deals and benefiting servants like them. Some were arrogant. Others were prejudiced against the origin of people like them. But Vicente and Rory didn't show such behavior. It seemed easier to approach them than those who usually visited this residence.
While the two looked at each other with different thoughts in mind, Vicente and Rory talked in low voices in the waiting room.
"Why did she help us?" Rory asked.
"When you're more open to dialogue, people are naturally more willing to talk to you," Vice muttered. "But she's probably trying to bait us. A servant like her could benefit greatly from contact with someone like you, my friend."
"Me?" Rory asked in surprise.
"Yes, you have a Green-grade talent, but it's still weak. This is a chance for an ordinary person like her to contact a future expert." Vicente saw the situation as it was and knew it was not because of him.
"It is not easy to approach someone with your talent level, even when they are weak. But you and I behave like approachable people, something rare and hard to see." He said, narrowing his eyes. "We can use her in our plans."
"How?" Rory asked.
"You can..."
As Vicente was about to say it, the door to this waiting room opened, and a somewhat chubby, very well-dressed man walked in next to a bodyguard.
Vicente looked at the bodyguard of this person, who had a Yellow-grade talent like his, and thought that this was another 'Sir' like the one he had met in Saltstar City.
'This person will be a problem for our operation.' He narrowed his eyes, thinking that he would probably be guarding the estate if this person weren't accompanying Baron Irwin.
'The Baron should be a level 5 Acolyte, so this man must be a level 7 or 8 Warrior.' Vice pondered as he stood up at the same time as Rory, making a gesture of greeting to the fat man.
"Baron Irwin, it's nice to meet you finally." The two young men said at the same time.
The Baron had already noticed these two young men's cultivation and magical talent, who surely had their local contacts to get this meeting today.
'One with Green talent, and both are already Intermediate Apprentices... Not bad. They look very young.' The Baron thought to himself.
 He had been pressured to meet these two after another local Baron asked for an old favor. He had delayed this meeting as much as possible and let it happen when he had nothing important to do.
The Baron was concerned about the recent disappearance of his youngest son. But after days of investigation and no results, he could only let his men continue to work without his constant pressure to find the young man.
Having recently settled his affairs and put that investigation aside, he wanted to resolve his promise and receive these two.
"All right, young men, who are you, and what can you offer my family?" He got right to the point.
"This is Rory Point, and my name is Vicente Fuller. We are here to offer you some of our products, Baron Irwin. We have a wide variety of grains, cereals, and fruits, as well as competitive prices." Vice said with a smile on his face as he introduced himself.
"Fuller?" Hearing that surname, the Baron didn't pay much attention to the rest of what Vicente had said, remembering a detail from the investigation of his son's disappearance.
His eyes narrowed, and he asked. "Young Vicente, I heard that my third son visited the Fuller family estate in Martell Village before disappearing. Is this the same Fuller family you are from?"



Chapter 94 The Weight of Decisions
"Yes. I met the young master when he visited my estate in the village some time ago." Vicente said in a determined tone. "That's how I became interested in doing business with Baron Irwin."
Baron Irwin was not a rash man, and being near the end of his life, he knew very well how to control himself in the face of important things.
He asked, still calm but much more interested than before. "What did you two talk about? Do you know where he went after that? My son disappeared after he was seen leaving your estate in Martell Village."
"He disappeared?" Vicente asked as he frowned and looked at the Baron and then at Rory.
Rory had learned acting skills from his mother and had accompanied Vicente in this performance for the Baron and his bodyguard.
"Did that happen?" The young redhead asked in a surprised tone. "We were talking business that day. He said he heard about us while passing near the village and was interested in our prices to do business for the Irwin family."
Vicente nodded and spoke. "We didn't want to stay long in the village because I was moving to Millfall with my little sister that day. So after he left, we didn't look for him anymore. We decided to come here after we settled in.
I didn't expect that he was actually missing... I am so sorry for you and your family, Baron. I know how hard it is not to know where a loved one is."
The Baron was almost moved to tears when he saw the sadness in Vicente's eyes as the dark-haired young man remembered Lauren.
Even the experienced warrior beside him believed Vicente and thought these two probably had nothing to do with their young master's disappearance.
Come to think of it, as talented as they were, they were pretty weak to threaten the third young master's group!
"So that was it... You two talked business." The Baron relaxed a bit, sighing at being unable to find out more from these two.
But from what he knew, the Fuller family seemed to have innovative trading methods, and their more advantageous prices for producers and consumers were indeed attractive enough for his son to go into business with them.
Even if that guy was arrogant, he was not stupid. He certainly knew how to deal with relevant people and when to make deals to benefit himself and his family.
As he thought about it, Baron Irwin believed the story of these two young men!
"Tell me what you talked about with my son. He is not here, but we can still do business." The Baron said before Rory and Vicente presented the deals they could make.
With the death of the merchant who had died at the hands of Baron Irwin's third son, some of that man's contracts would no longer be valid. The business and resources involved in those contracts could be reallocated to other deals.
Because of this, Vicente and Rory had many business options to present to this man, even though most of the resources they were dealing with were already committed.
...
Two hours after arriving at the Irwin estate, Vicente and Rory finished their business talks with the Baron and signed an agreement for 10 tons of grain per year to be sold to the house.
After signing their magical agreements, Baron Irwin left them alone in the room, wishing to see them soon, as he was unable to escort them to the exit due to urgency.
Vicente and Rory had a full stomach after eating with the Baron, satisfied with the deal, but also with the opportunity to be alone in some of the rooms of this place, but also the parts of this house they still visited in their time there.
As they prepared to leave, Rory asked his friend, "So? Did you notice anything relevant?"
"Hmmm." Vicente nodded, smiling. "I think I got the essence... We can start adjusting some parts of our plans, but I need you to work on this piece."
Rory heard this and looked at the servant from earlier, who was approaching him and Vice along with the butler.
"How am I supposed to do that?" He asked.
But with the two so close, they put the matter aside for a moment and were led out of the estate while Lena talked to them.
"So you managed to make a deal with the Baron? Very good. Now I will be able to see handsome young men like you more often." She said in a humorous tone.
"Haha, you flatter us," Vicente commented as he patted Rory on the back. "But miss, be careful, or this friend of mine here will fall in love."
They laughed after a few more comments until the two were back in their carriage heading back to their estate.
"Why don't you try to do something with that woman?" Vicente asked, remembering Rory's question a few moments ago.
"What?" Rory opened her eyes wide, impressed by Vice's suggestion.
"She's pretty and has a mature body that would please any young man like us. And she'll obviously accept you after some investment." Vicente commented. "Use this to bring her closer to us and get the information we need from this property."
"Should we really involve her?" Rory hesitated.
"We should implicate someone. Without corrupting someone in the Irwin family group, we won't get the information we need." Vicente's words were dry.
 "She's already made herself available, so why not? Rory, she's just a servant with nothing to lose. If we give her a chance to escape and reach a better position, she could benefit greatly."
"She could also die," Rory said.
He preferred not to involve innocent people in his affairs. Acting against the Irwin family would be a 'self-defense' measure for them. But using Lena would be complicated and could do a lot of damage to that woman's life.
Vicente knew that Rory was not as cold as he, who had seen a bit of everything in his two lives and said. "To work with us or not will be her choice, my friend. She is an adult. If she chooses to betray the Irwin family for what we offer, then that is her responsibility, not ours.
But not only that, but by being part of an enemy force of ours, she will be harmed in one way or another by our plans. This could be her chance to save herself from a 'sinking ship' before anyone else and still get valuable resources to continue her journey elsewhere".
Rory closed his eyes and said nothing, knowing that it was a fact that they would harm this family if their plans worked out.
"All right, I will try my best. But what if she doesn't accept?" Rory asked.
"I'll let you decide what to do if that happens. I know you comprehend how important it would be." Vicente said nothing more, knowing that his friend had to be determined to do some things for himself. Rory could not always be convinced by him at times like this! He had to make up his own mind!
"Anyway, we'll work on it in the next few weeks. In the meantime, I have to finish my studies at the forge and deal with the Peters. They're starting to show us their claws." Vice voiced, looking out of his carriage with a determined look.



Chapter 95 Scarlet Syndicate
The Peters family had been watching Vicente's group more and more closely, to the point where they had begun to harass the young man.
Since they were playing with fire, Vice wouldn't stand by any longer!
"What are you going to do to this family?" Rory asked.
"I'm going to visit them," Vicente said as he looked out of his carriage toward where the Peters estate was, on the side of town where he and his group worked.
After those short words, the two stood in silence, thinking about what they had to do to develop their plans, when suddenly, one of their men knocked on the carriage window and got their attention.
"Bosses, we have a problem."
Rory put aside his thoughts about what to do with Lena and asked. "What is it?"
The Junior Apprentice said in a determined tone. "Three people from the Scarlet Syndicate are at our headquarters right now, bosses. They said they want to talk to you."
"Scarlet Syndicate?" Rory and Vicente opened their eyes in surprise.
The Scarlet Syndicate was one of two criminal groups in the local underworld!
Along with Defiant Tyranny, they controlled much of Millfall's operations and had great influence among the local nobility.
"What are these people after?" Rory looked at Vicente doubtfully.
"They may have realized the potential of adding new territories to their powers..." Vicente muttered.
The groups that dominated Millfall were not present in all areas of this city. Why is that? Why not dominate the whole territory? Why leave room for small individuals like Vice and Rory and various other smaller criminals and mercenaries to act on their own?
It was simple. These groups did not have enough people to take care of the whole city!
Unlike on Earth, where a person could do 'n' different things to make a living in times of need, the same did not work in Polaris Realm.
A doctor could hardly earn coins by working as a blacksmith or a warrior. So, there was an invisible limit to the size of such groups.
In a relatively stagnant town like Millfall, where old groups had long dominated the area, growing or increasing the number of people working in each group was complicated.
And even if such groups could grow at times, it was not so easy to dominate other areas. After all, the growth of one of these groups could harm the others. In this case, even as they grew in membership, these groups had to be very careful about targeting new operations and areas.
It would be difficult to grow their operations without getting them into trouble that might not be worth the "prize" they could gain from that growth.
But what if one of these groups used an emerging group to expand its influence and territory?
Vicente said. "I am not sure. It could be that they want trouble because we are weak. But we have to be ready to negotiate with them."
"Are you willing to join one of these groups?" Rory narrowed his eyes.
"I don't want to because we'd immediately have everyone else as our enemy, even though we've never done anything against any of them. But maybe we don't have enough to keep our position neutral." Vice replied, thinking about how his day would end.
...
Minutes later, Vicente and Rory were at their group's headquarters, masks already over their faces, in a business room on the second floor of the building.
There, the three men of the Scarlet Syndicate were seated around a business table, with the two young men sitting side by side.
One of the men looked like the leader of this group of visitors, dressed very nicely, just like Rory and Vicente, with an attractive Yellow Magic Gem in an unusual shape on his forehead.
The other two seemed to be just henchmen, both with ugly expressions on their faces, as if they were trying to scare these young men.
But as level 2 and 3 Acolytes, they didn't even need to express anything to scare!
They were too powerful for these young people!
"So, Scarlet Syndicate emissaries, what do you want from this visit? I must confess that I did not expect to receive such notable people in my building tonight." Vicente said in a strange tone of voice, manipulated by his mana.
"Why do you wear these masks when you are in your own headquarters?" One of the two men asked, looking specifically at Vicente, who had several metallic objects around his body.
Vicente smiled under his mask as he saw that these people would not let him simply control the pace of this conversation.
'Aren't you going to answer my questions? Never mind, ask what you want.' He thought, ignoring the clear arrogance of the group in front of him.
 "I'm sorry about that. But we don't want people outside the group to know our identities. Our families don't need to be involved because we're willing to work on dangerous things," Vicente declared.
"Do you think a mask will protect your family? If we wanted to, we could easily find out who you are, boy." One of the two brutes said in a confident but also malicious tone.
He was clearly telling Vicente and Rory that his group could beat them both whenever they wanted.
'Are you threatening us?' Rory thought silently.
The strongest guy there smiled and said. "Chase, Aidan, keep quiet for a moment. Let's not waste our time on something so simple.
If those young men here want their privacy, so be it."
Looking at Vicente's mask, this person said. "Very well, I am here to offer you the opportunity to join our group. Our leader has heard about you and believes that your operation can expand greatly with the right adjustments. We will take you into our syndicate for only 50% of your earnings.
So? What do you think?"
"50%?" Vicente asked in a sarcastic tone. "That's it? The Scarlet Syndicate is really generous!"
Vicente was not against joining a group if he was pressured. As much as it would cost him to pay for such a thing, sometimes, you had to take one step back to take two steps forward.
He couldn't take on these groups now but needed to expand his business and attract attention.
If he joined one of these groups, at least he wouldn't have that one as an enemy. But if he stayed alone, he would be under pressure from all sides in this city!
But knowing how to accept certain temporary "defeats" did not mean that Vice would accept a deal as bad as the one these people were offering.
50% of the profits was just too much for him!
"Can I have some time to think about this? Joining the Scarlet Syndicate would bring opportunities and challenges. I want to analyze it for a few days before I decide." Vicente responded to this offer.
"Think about it?" The man there to negotiate with him looked at him coldly, understanding what Vicente really meant. 'What you really want to say is that you will see what other groups offer you to choose the best deal...'
"Of course, you can think about it. But the offer I'm giving you today will expire tomorrow night. After that, the deal won't be as advantageous for you." He got up and prepared to leave.
As he walked to the room's exit, the man looked back at Vicente and Rory. "But be careful who you talk to in the meantime. It would be dangerous to seek out our enemies."



Chapter 96 Beginning of Training
With the departure of this group, only Vicente and Rory remained in the room.
"That was clearly a threat," Rory commented to his friend.
"Yes, but what can we do?" Vicente didn't like the feeling of being threatened, but there was nothing he could do about it. Being small, he could only pretend he wasn't threatened and walk in the line.
"Let's see what happens in the next few days. If no other local groups come to us, we'll have no choice but to proceed with this terrible deal." Vicente pressed his hands against the arm of his chair, kneading them.
"But that would be terrible."
"We have no choice. Better to have a fraction of our profits than to face a single high-ranking Acolyte of the Scarlet Syndicate." Vicente was reasonable. "But this is only temporary, my friend. Do they want to force us to be their partner? Let's make them regret it!"
Rory agreed, feeling that they had to act against estates like Baron Irwin's more than ever.
A possible deal with one of the local ruling groups would affect their public operations in their ' territory.' Their criminal activities were not known to anyone other than their respective members.
That is, the results of robberies like the one against the Peters family would still only benefit them!
Vicente and his Fuller family still had their business activities, which had nothing to do with the security services they offered. So even if this were a humiliating deal, it would only reduce a fraction of their group's profits.
Vicente got up and headed for the exit.
"Where are you going?"
"I'm a little irritated. I'm going to see the Peters family." Vice said, leaving Rory behind, shaking his head negatively.
But soon, Rory would be on his way to the training room of this facility, where he would continue trying to improve his magic level.
Meanwhile, Vicente went to the place he had invaded days ago.
...
Arriving in front of the Peters' estate, Vicente didn't hesitate and rang the bell, causing one of the guards to jump when he realized who was there.
"Shit! It's that bastard!" Said the person as he already ran to Jax's door, yelling. "Boss, the masked guy is here!"
After those words were uttered, Jax and his younger brother appeared at the entrance of that residence, both of them already with horrible countenances on their faces.
Brody also appeared, full of hatred for the people who had humiliated him earlier.
"You piece of shit. What are you doing here?" Brody was the first to shout at the sight of the masked man.
Vicente didn't say anything right away. He only made the bars between the street and the house bend, opening the way for him.
By raising his cultivation level, Vicente could now manipulate many more metals than before and even deal with items made by 2nd-stage professionals.
He was still studying the material Benson gave him to study, so he still didn't have a good enough understanding of forging to produce better items than before. But stronger, even without the necessary understanding, he could create more dangerous items.
Jax saw this and remembered the last time he had seen this man act and naturally became concerned.
"Shut up, Brody! Get back in the house!" He shouted at his nephew before slapping the blue-haired young man away.
"What are you doing here? I thought our relationship was over!" Jax's younger brother wondered aloud, feeling a little scared of Vicente.
They had recently investigated this young man, but minimally talented magicians could hide their cultivation if they wanted to.
Some people did not do this as they were proud of their magic cultivation. But hiding their magical power was elemental.
Of course, if the difference in level between magicians nearby were significant, it wouldn't work well.
That was not the case between Vicente and the Peters family men who were watching him!
Seeing this young man in front of them today, the two Peters brothers sensed Vicente's Intermediate Apprentice aura and were naturally worried.
'If this bastard could hurt us before...' The level 1 Acolyte thought, looking cautiously at the masked young man who had stopped just 20 meters from him and his brother.
Vicente then said. "I will give you 2 hours to withdraw all your men watching my group. Otherwise, we will have problems."
Jax felt Vicente's level, but he was not as calm as his brother and could not help but feel compelled to fight this person.
 'Before you surprised me, you bastard! But now you're alone on my property.' He thought as he clenched his fists.
"Brat, you're asking for too much!" Jax finally didn't hold back and shouted in displeasure at Vicente. "I will not accept any more demands from you!"
"Brother!"
"Shut up!" Jax screamed at his younger brother, who had always been more cowardly than him. "If we accept this, who's to say he won't be blackmailing us soon?"
Vicente ignored Jax's comment and closed his eyes for a moment. "Is that so? Then we have a problem."
He waved a hand forward, and a Red Pentagram appeared, larger than the last time the brothers had seen it.
Metallic objects on their bodies changed shape and pressed against their bodies, following Vicente's orders as they hurt them without giving them a chance to act.
"Aaaaagh!"
A piece of the bar shattered by Vicente floated behind him, quickly turning into hundreds of small fragments.
Rain of Blades!
Vicente moved toward the two brothers, directing all those small fragments at them.
"Shit!" Jax's younger brother yelled as he circled his mana and activated his own defensive spell.
His brother did the same, trying to ignore the cuts around his body while a bronze glow rose over his skin.
Earth Armor!
'Oh? Earth elemental affinity?' Vice narrowed his eyes. 'This will be good training for me!'
Then, as his small blades flew at the two brothers trying to protect themselves with their spells, Vicente made a few seals and focused on his Earth element.
Quicksand!
He touched the ground and infused his mana into it, surprising the two brothers, who didn't know that their opponent could use the same element as them.
But by the time they noticed Vicente's movement, it was too late, and the two were already with half their shins into the soil, feeling the difficulty of getting out of their positions.
Suddenly, Vicente smiled under his mask as he remembered something he had seen on Earth and clenched his fists.
Then the two brothers screamed again, feeling the quicksand press down on their feet as if to crush them.
"Aaaaaagh!"



Chapter 97 Trouble on the Way
Pressing his feet into the two, remembering the movement of an anime character from his childhood, Vicente did not falter.
Facing two enemies in agony, he kept moving to weaken them, knowing that one right blow would not bring him victory.
He moved some metallic objects around and changed their electronic configuration, using a spell based on his affinity for Lightning to create a powerful attack.
Blue lightning suddenly formed in the air, cutting its way erratically toward the two brothers.
"Damn it!"
"Shit!"
'What is that?' Jax wondered, feeling that he could not dodge the blow that had even made him tremble.
Unlike the metallic objects flying around him and colliding with his defenses, this attack was hard to deal with, even if he knew Vicente's powers!
But he didn't have much time to think when he and his brother were electrocuted until smoke came out of their bodies!
He and his brother stopped momentarily, screaming in pain, and the armor over their bodies cracked along with the scorched soil on the ground.
Both found themselves free of the pressure on their feet, but feeling Vicente's blow, neither took advantage of their "freedom" to attack the young man.
Vicente finally ran at them, using the mixture of martial arts he had brought from Earth and what he had learned at the Academy of Stars.
Sliding across the ground, he moved his body. He kicked Jax in the balls, taking advantage of this person's moment of distraction to hit his weakest point.
Jumping into the air immediately after, Vicente used one of the metals there to kick on before turning with his leg already spinning in the air toward Jax's younger brother's face.
Pow!
Vicente's right foot hit the level 1 Acolyte's face, causing his face to turn clockwise as blood spurted from his mouth, and one of his teeth flew out.
The Acolyte's eyes rolled back, and he was unconscious before he even hit the ground!
Back on the ground, Vicente took a deep breath, feeling sweat dripping down his cuts and face, visibly exhausted from using so many of his skills.
But he still had enough to land another blow on Jax, stapling the man's body to the ground with his metals as he kicked him hard in the chest.
Jax shuddered in pain as blood dripped not only from his facial orifices but also stained his clothing from the many cuts Vice had inflicted in this confrontation.
He was not yet unconscious, but the blue-haired young man's uncle, this young master who was watching this confrontation from behind a door, still had enough energy to glare hatefully at his enemy.
Unfortunately for him, one's magical form greatly determined a warrior's fighting ability.
As a Junior Apprentice, Vice could not defeat him. At best, this young Fuller could surprise Jax and make things difficult for him. But after becoming an Intermediate Apprentice with a magical form and talents superior to this man's, Vice was already stronger than him!
Embittered by this humiliating defeat, Jax waited for Vicente's final blow.
But when he saw the two brothers lying on the ground, Vicente wiped his sweat and stopped before Jax, looking the level 2 Acolyte in the eyes. "I didn't want to blackmail you today, but since you gave me the idea, we'll do it from now on. I want 20% of your profits starting next week. If I don't get my share on the right day, we'll have bigger problems than today, Jax." Vicente said before kicking this level 2 Acolyte in the face and walking away.
Some men around the property were shocked by what happened and looked from the corners of the building to where Jax and his brother were.
None of them dared to stand up to Vicente, remembering that days ago, this young man had coldly killed all of their group's Apprentices around his building.
Gulp!
'Damn it! With whom I get involved?' Brody fell on his ass, fearing the worst not only for his family but most of all for himself.
...
As Vicente returned to his house to meditate and enjoy his evening 'workout,' someone dressed all in black ran through the city's shadows.
Such a person, dressed in black and hooded, used the shadows to his advantage and quickly made his way to a building not far from the center of Millfall.
Arriving at this location and passing through the area's traps, this man found no trouble on his way and soon found himself in a doorway of this building where some men were standing.
"We have trouble." He said, attracting the interest of three of the four men standing there, looking in different directions.
"What is it? Has your target made any strange movements?" One of the three looking at this man asked, while the fourth continued to watch toward the street.
 "Not exactly. But people from the Scarlet Syndicate just visited the headquarters of that mercenary group." The man dressed in black said.
"Oh?"
"Do you think they made a deal with the Scarlet Syndicate?"
"If they did, they would become the enemies of everyone else in the city. The damned Scarlet Syndicate is already in a very delicate position with the rest of the city."
"Hmm, after acquiring the legacy of the Enchanted Creed, no one will allow them to make a new breakthrough!"
The newly arrived man then answered the previous question. "I am not sure. But the men from the Scarlet Syndicate seemed grumpy about leaving the estate. Perhaps there is no agreement between them yet."
"If that's the case, keep watching them." The fourth man there finally opened his mouth. "If they get into a disagreement with the Scarlet Syndicate, it will be better for us.
Otherwise, let the underworld deal with this problem. Defiant Tyranny will definitely move even if we do nothing now."
"OK!"
...
While this group was thinking about the troubled future of Vicente and his people, another man in black was deciding something important in front of the Fuller family estate.
After listening to the report of the observer he had been sent to replace, the newly arrived man frowned in front of the estate where Rory was training. "If this is true, we have to act." He said to the person who was about to leave.
"Since you are at the end of your shift, go to one of our battalions and gather some men. We will attack this place immediately. Since they have received contact from the Scarlet Syndicate, there is no need for them to continue to exist!" This person said, following his leader's orders.
"I will do it immediately!"



Chapter 98 Progress at the Forge
Later that same night...
After returning to his home, Vicente meditated for a while, recovering the mana he had spent earlier and even developing the density of his powers a bit!
The magical world was amazing. Having a Magic Gem changed everything about one's progress in the face of magic!
One could become stronger by slowly absorbing mana from nature and evolve their affinities by slowly 'pushing' energy into their bodies and inflating their souls.
This was a standard process that many used every day to become stronger. But there was a better way to become stronger. By training or even pushing yourself to the limit!
A blacksmith could do this by exhausting themselves by making a tool and a doctor by treating a patient. On the other hand, a warrior could exhaust themselves by training or fighting. Regardless of the method one uses to exhaust oneself, one could achieve a special state by exhausting all or most of oneself.
This state greatly facilitated meditation and the absorption of free mana in nature!
To give you an idea of the difference, meditating when one is not exhausted is analogous to a person using a hose in an arid area to draw liquid from underground and replenish it. Meditating after exhaustion was like having a huge water reservoir above you.
In the latter case, the "liquid" would naturally enter your body and not only quickly restore your depleted mana but also provide you with small improvements!
Vicente had felt this again in practice tonight. By the time he finished meditating after the fight with the Acolytes early on, he was already a little stronger.
When he finished meditating, happy with the slight improvement in his mana, Vicente immediately turned his attention to studying the forge.
He had already read half of the books Benson had given him and understood dozens of minerals and the basic theories behind the shape and structure of artifacts.
To learn how to make armor with good defensive properties or a weapon capable of inflicting significant damage without harming itself, one could not simply mimic the shape of those artifacts made by other smiths.
As on Earth, one had to understand the logic behind it, the principles that made something strong. Just as an engineer would have to learn some things to construct a building that would not easily collapse, a blacksmith would have to learn similar things.
The more Vicente read the books, the more he realized the similarities between the chemistry and physics of his world and what the people of Polaris Realm had developed.
In Polaris Realm, people did not have such a deep understanding of reality as they did on Earth. That is, on Earth, even children knew that bodies were made up of systems, which were made up of organs, which were made up of tissues, which were made up of cells, and so on, down to the subdivisions of atoms.
Things were more straightforward in this world, but the idea of being made up of different kinds of tiny particles existed.
In the forge, this was developed by discussing what kind of item went with what, the best shapes, and the logic behind them.
You would not find a mathematical equation that explains these things in this world. Still, intuitively, the answers and justifications in the books led to the same destination that calculations would take.
Realizing this and using what he had learned about physics and chemistry on Earth, Vicente quickly began to understand how to make good equipment.
After reading another book after his meditation, he went to get the forging tools Benson had given him and decided to practice.
He picked up a wooden hammer and began to pound it against a gelatinous substance, something normally used by blacksmiths learning to manipulate the hammer.
Vuup!
Vicente moved his hammer and struck the gelatinous substance, making it tremble as waves passed through his body.
Seeing this, Vicente frowned.
The purpose of this ten-hour training was for him to use only the wooden hammer and his mana to change the shape of this gelatinous substance, turning this large cube into a small sphere.
Seeing that his first move had no effect, Vice felt how difficult this task would be in practice.
'I have to put more of myself into this training,' He thought, directing even more mana than the previous blow and unconsciously improving his stance for the next impact.
Vuup!
Once again, he struck the gelatinous object, but this time, he noticed a small deformation where he had hit it.
"Oh?" He opened his mouth, seeing that he could put even more mana there without risking destroying such a thing.
Vicente knew that his amount of mana was not normal for his level. As he had learned in the Academy of Stars, higher talents and special magic forms did not only tell about the speed of progress, energy efficiency, and type of power. Depending on the talent and magic form, the same magic level could have completely different limits.
That was why he was so strong, and that was why he had naturally been more cautious when he started his evening training with the wooden hammer.
However, when he saw that the item Benson had given him was tough, he immediately began to use it with all his might. In another dozen or so moves, he managed to change the cubic shape of the item slightly.
...
 Three hours later, after arriving at his home after the battle with the two Acolytes, Vicente finished his training and took a shower before eating something to go to sleep.
Nina slept peacefully in her room, while Eve had just eaten something and gone to rest a bit since this was the only time of the day she was free of responsibilities these days.
Nina would return to the academy soon, and Eve's schedule would improve a bit. But for now, her life was taking care of Nina when Vice wasn't around, so she didn't have time to train or meditate.
Vicente looked in the direction of his sister's room and went to give her a kiss before going to sleep.
However, after kissing Nina's forehead and reaching his room, Vicente felt something vibrate on his right wrist as he leaned back against the bed and closed his eyes.
He immediately opened his eyes, expressing the anger that anyone would have at being disturbed while lying down to rest.
But knowing that his men would never use this device without a good reason, Vicente was soon on alert, getting up and preparing to run to his headquarters.
"Shit! Who is it this time?" He unconsciously manipulated his metals to form a slightly different armor than the one he wore before.



Chapter 99 Enemy Attack
When Vicente got up to save his group, he made a slightly different armor than before.
As he ran, previously non-existent structures appeared on the metal frame of this armor, with new patterns here and there.
Vicente detected some changes and noted the difference because of the training he had just done.
'It feels more solid now... Hmm, perfect. Even without me focusing on it, my powers have naturally developed something of a higher quality.' He thought as he already had his face covered and ran over the rooftops of this part of the city.
The improvements to the structure of his armor were not critical enough for him to be recognized as a genius for designing it. But it was a significant improvement for him, and if Benson saw him now, he would be pleased.
Any small improvement would make a big difference to someone at Vicente's level!
Vicente kept this in mind, becoming more motivated to continue his progress before the forge. But as he moved and felt some disturbing sensations, he couldn't keep thoughts about the forge in his mind.
As he walked dozens of blocks away from his organization's headquarters, Vice could already see a different glow in that part of Millfall and smoke rising into the sky.
Millfall had a relatively large area for a city of 60,000 citizens. With an area of almost 400 square kilometers, the city's center was a few minutes away from the outskirts.
Vicente's territory was in one of the outer areas of the city. Yet, even from afar, he could see that something was happening.
The chill of the late evening and some strange sounds that one would hardly hear at dusk reached him and made him frown.
'Shit! I have to hurry!' He thought as he sensed his group was in danger.
Suddenly, he controlled some of the metal in his body, forming a large but very thin blade.
He jumped onto it and flew!
As he did so, he felt strange for a moment, for he had never flown, let alone been familiar with carrying his own body. But manipulating this blade followed the same principles as manipulating the metal artifacts he usually used to attack enemies.
Instead of using enemies, he used the points in front of him to make the blade fly while supporting the weight of his own body.
Under pressure, he found a new way to use his powers!
By stopping running and starting to fly on the blade, Vicente increased his speed by 50% after his first test, moving faster towards his property while flying near the rooftops of that part of the city.
Just in case, he didn't increase his altitude too much, afraid of attracting too much attention or falling from a great height.
Magical or not, his body was still that of a mortal.
...
Ten minutes after leaving his house, Vicente finally reached his headquarters!
Standing only a block from where Rory and the rest of his people were supposed to be, Vicente found a small battlefield around such a site.
Nearly every window, door, and balcony on his property had been shattered. At the same time, holes of various shapes and sizes were ripped through the front of the building.
Gunfire was coming from inside, from fewer positions than expected in an attack like this.
In front of the building, a group of 15 magicians was scattered around, launching attacks or protecting themselves while waiting for the rest of the group to take over the place.
The front door of this headquarters was destroyed, so Vice immediately thought that his headquarters had been invaded, and it was only a matter of time before these enemies took over the place.
'Shit! Who are these people?' He noticed several dead Apprentices and even level 1 Acolytes on the outskirts of his place, probably those who had died in the initial moment of attack by his armed men.
But as expected, the Acolytes, prepared to defend themselves against firearms, were not in danger from Vicente's weapons!
Vice clenched his fists as he saw the group of level 1 and 2 Acolytes standing in the area, who were waiting for the men inside to take over the survivors.
But not only Vicente's enemies had perished. From what he could sense, at least 6 of his men had died in the area, and several others were wounded.
The attacks of these enemies had not only damaged this property but had also created fragments that surely hurt many people.
'Fucking bastards! I will kill you all!'
With such a thought, he flew down and quickly appeared behind the group of enemies who were watching the area with smiles.
Touching the ground with his feet without drawing attention, Vice immediately expanded his senses to the maximum.
 His Red Magic Pentagram glowed as it circled near his dominant hand, allowing Vicente to feel all the metals in the area, including the armor and weapons of some of those men.
There was no need for him to ask who these people were. He would not waste his time with useless questions and would simply use these enemies' own items against them.
"Aaaaaagh!"
A level 1 Acolyte felt his armor tighten around his body and screamed as cracks ripped through his chest.
Half of the men outside the mansion felt similar things, some more than others, as Vicente's ability to simultaneously affect all of them with the same intensity was still limited.
"What's that?" A level 2 Acolyte screamed as he felt the gauntlet of his right hand clenched.
Gulp!
Swooish!
But as the stronger or less affected in the area turned to see who acted against them, some weaker men attacked their allies from behind!
"You..." A level 2 Acolyte felt the blood rise in his throat and looked back to see a level 1 ally holding the sword that had suddenly pierced him in the back.
"Boss..." The other man said without understanding as the piece of armor on his right arm forced his arm into that position.
Boom!
Suddenly, an explosion erupted, and reddish brains splattered across the area, covering several of those men with the remains of that person.
"You attacked me for no reason. Time for all of you to die!" Vicente said, the blood of his enemies dripping down his mask as he appeared next to one of the three level 2 Acolytes there.
Vicente jumped into the air, and an axe-shaped weapon formed in his hands. Then, he brought it down with full force on the enemy.
"Damn it!" The person screamed but couldn't move as he felt something grab his feet.
He tried to raise his hands in front of his body, but he couldn't, feeling something preventing that part of himself from moving as well.
All that remained between him and this strange enemy was the armor on his chest.
Unfortunately for him, that armor simply melted over his chest, giving way to the fearsome blade of the axe as it rapidly approached him.
Cold sweat dripped down the man's back as his body turned as white as a sheet of paper.
"Aaaaaaaaagh!"
Vicente struck the man's left chest hard, making a sound of crushing flesh as the bones of his victim's left rib broke.
By raising his forging abilities earlier, Vice had raised the quality of not only his armor but all the artifacts he could create.
Vicente was already strong enough to fight against low-level Acolytes of ordinary magical talent and forms. But by adding better weapons, he could do a mortal wound with this move!
As strong as magicians were, the most important thing about them was not the strength or endurance of their bodies but their magical skills and spells!
In the face of a deadly attack, nothing could save that man, even with the level difference between the parties!



Chapter 100 Fight
Pulling his weapon out of the level 2 Acolyte's chest, Vicente didn't hesitate to move a hand to the wound.
As his opponent screamed in terror, unable to control his own body, Vicente grabbed his heart and ripped it from his chest!
As young Fuller crushed this organ with his bare hands, not only did the men standing around suddenly tremble in fear, but three more of the men crushed by their own armor would explode under pressure on them.
Blood and flesh splattered across the street again, causing the powerful level 1 and 2 Acolytes to tremble while holding their weapons.
"Damn it! Kill this person, or everyone here will die!" The strongest of them said as he ordered his men.
Vicente heard this and felt one of the men less affected by his abilities shoot an arrow at him. He laughed as he jumped back.
"A metal arrow? How funny." He muttered, opening his right palm and waiting for the weapon to hit him.
Just as it was about to, instead of piercing Vicente's hand, the arrow melted and formed a liquid on his right palm. A few instants later, under the terrified eyes of those people, the arrow formed again, this time traveling in the direction it had come from.
"Bring it back!" Vicente shouted, sending the thing so much faster than it had been shot at him.
The arrow changed its path slightly, and a moment later, it passed through the archer's head.
He didn't even scream when he was hit, falling backward to his death with a terrible expression.
"Monster! Die!"
A glowing fist surrounded by small sparks appeared from Vicente's back after a man jumped towards him.
Seeing this level 2 Acolyte trying to hit him, Vice concentrated his defenses on his back, knowing he could not easily dodge this blow.
Pow!
Just as the fist was about to hit him, a sharp surface appeared on his defenses as he skillfully controlled various metal objects around him to form sharp artifacts and fire them at the remaining enemies in the area.
Vicente had no interest in shocking these people as he killed them. While he protected himself from the strongest one still standing, he attacked the others with his simplest blow.
Swooish!
Several blades flew through the air in strange trajectories, heading for the vital points of the men who had suffered less from Vicente's abilities until now.
As he was hit, three more enemies fell to the ground, impaled by knives of the same shape.
His opponent's hand was pierced by the sharp point that appeared before the impact, while much of the defensive structure on Vicente's back was destroyed, crumpled by the blow.
Due to his recent evolution in front of the forge, much of the attack was absorbed by his armor before reaching his body.
Vicente was strong and could even kill ordinary level 2 Acolytes. But that didn't mean he was invincible or that the movements of these people couldn't hurt him. When he felt the weight of the enemy's fist, he felt his bones crack, and an intense pain came from the point of impact.
Vicente gritted his teeth and did not utter a single sound of pain. He simply used the enemy's blow to strike at the moment of the attacker's weakest guard.
The moment of collision!
When someone attacked, they would naturally lower their attention as well as their defenses to inflict as much damage as possible on their target.
In this situation, Vicente used one of his spells to trap the person in his position.
The man felt discomfort in his fist, but before he could be bothered by that, he suddenly felt something climbing up his feet.
"Huh? Earth?" He exclaimed as he opened his eyes and looked down.
Then, as his armor pressed down on his abdomen, the only place where he had metallic items on his body, this level 2 man felt a terrifying pressure on his already earth-covered legs.
"Aaaaagh!"
Vicente used the enemy's pain to turn around, form a sword in his hands, and attack horizontally.
A gash opened at the man's Adam's apple, and blood spurted out, staining Vicente's armor even more.
"Damn, you! Our Defiant Tyranny will not forgive you, you worm! After today, you're dead!" The last standing level 2 Acolyte shouted as he saw another of his battalion mates brutally murdered by Vicente.
"Defiant Tyranny?" Vicente looked toward the man acting against him, two gigantic fists, blue as jelly, bearing down on him.
 Vicente manipulated his target's armor with a severed neck. He used this person as a shield, preventing those fists from hitting him.
The man's fists were mighty, and when they touched the body of his dying ally, they deformed him in an instant, crushing him mercilessly.
Seizing the opportunity, Vicente shifted position and ran into the last three level 1 opponents still standing.
He had already used 70% of his mana, and he would be in trouble if he didn't eliminate these people quickly!
No longer manipulating his ability from his first Magic Pentagram, he used the sword in his hand to attack the standing people.
With his martial arts skills and speed, he quickly sliced through the first of those men, amputating his arms in one move with the sword.
As the level 2 Acolyte watched, exhausted and seeing his companion's body crushed by his fists, he turned even redder with rage.
But the blood of his companions covering much of his body disguised the hatred he felt at the moment.
Trying to ignore the superficial wounds caused by Vicente's previous blows to his group, he tried once again to activate his primary skill.
However, as he forced his mana into his Magic Gem, he suddenly felt pain behind his eyes, and his facial muscles tightened.
His Yellow Magic Gem faded, and blood dripped from his eyes.
"Shit!" He muttered as he felt exhaustion and weakness spreading through his body.
By attacking Vicente a moment ago, he had put almost everything into that move!
Having missed, he now had less mana than he needed to activate his weakest skill!
Vicente already knew this would happen and laughed under his mask, ignoring the pain in his back and his growing fatigue to finish off the last person in his path.
He slid across the ground, Vice surprised his last opponent and slashed his legs.
"Aaaaaaaaaagh!"
As more screams erupted from outside the mansion, a man dressed as the enemy suddenly appeared at the door of the Fuller family's home.