Chapter 136 Celestial Star Palace 2
"Eh?!"
A startled sound left the mouths of both Damien and Long Chen. They hadn't passed the last exam since they had fallen unconscious before leaving the forest, but they still gained entry into the sect?
"You thought we'd allow talents such as yourself to fail?" The old man chuckled. "Both of you had already passed the exam after the first test ended. The rest was simply for show."
Now that he was back to his senses, Damien noticed something he disregarded previously. "You! You're that voice from before!"
"Finally recognized me?" The old man smirked. "Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Tian Yang, and I am the Grand Elder of this fine sect."
The two men were both stunned into silence once again. The Grand Elder? Such a figure had status only below the Sect Master, and he was here taking care of them?
"No need to look at me like that," Tian Yang continued, "I am merely an old man with status. I really have too much time on my hands, so I decided to have a bit of fun."
"Well, let's ignore that for now as I introduce you to the sect." Tian Yang waved his arm, causing two blueish-black tokens to fly into Damien and Long Chen's hands.
"These are your disciple tokens. Not only will they indicate your status within the sect, they will also serve as communication devices and locators for various establishments on the premises.
"Our sect's facilities span this entire top half of the Star Mountain, so navigating can become quite difficult without such a guide."
Damien and Long Chen nodded, paying close attention to Tian Yang's words.
"As for the structure of the sect, it's quite simple. Since you are new, you will immediately become outer court disciples. The resources you will be distributed will be minimal, and the conditions are harsh. It is the gathering place for the majority of our sect's population.
"Every 6 months, there is an examination to enter the Inner Court. As for the requirements to do so, you can find out at the Induction Hall. The Inner Court is where the competition truly begins. Each disciple competes with each other for their place in the rankings, hoping to enter the Core Court.
"The both of you witnessed the pagodas lining the areas closer to the peak of the mountain, correct? Each of those is home to a core disciple or an elder.
"So far, our sect only has 10 core disciples. Considering how we have tens of thousands of disciples, you can imagine the difficulty and struggle it takes to reach such a level."
Pausing for a moment, Tian Yang's gaze drifted to Damien.
"As Elder Mu mentioned at the beginning of the disciple examination, this year the elders of the sect were looking to take disciples from the new entrants. Being the disciple of an elder will immensely raise your status, and even if you still need to work your way up the ladder, you will have a much easier time doing so.
"Not to mention, with an elder's backing and teachings, your realm progression and comprehension speeds will catapult."
 "Young man, although I have talked so much, I am still unaware of your name, do you mind telling me?"
Even though Tian Yang's tone and phrasing was polite, like a gentle old man, it was clear that he wasn't simply asking.
"My name is Damien, senior. Damien Void."
His eyes flashed slightly, trying to see through even a hint of Tian Yang's power, but he failed to do so. Facing such a person with immeasurable depths, Damien decided it was best to be polite.
"Damien, is it. A truly odd name. However, this isn't important. What I wish to ask you, Damien, is whether or not you'd like to be my disciple. Although you aren't my only disciple, it doesn't mean I don't have the time to teach you."
This scene was familiar to Damien, as the same had happened with Malcolm in Apeiron. A peak expert was willing to teach him. Not only would he gain status to protect him if necessary, he'd also be able to progress with breakneck speeds.
It wasn't as if Damien blindly believed what Tian Yang had told him earlier, rather it was something he had felt personally. Even if he couldn't feel nor see any aura from Tian Yang, he could see the colorless mana that surrounded him.
There were two types of such mana, and Damien felt familiar with both of them. He knew for sure that one was spatial mana, but the other…
It was definitely one of the hidden affinities that appeared in his status sheet while he was in the ancient temple.
Unlike the master-disciple relationships people had in the Cloud Plane, where it would be an insult to take another master, there was no such custom on Apeiron. Malcolm was a teacher at an academy, not a personal master.
And although he trained Damien personally, it was mainly for the sake of the Nexus Event. They barely retained such a teacher-student relationship after the fact, becoming more like friends than elder and junior.
When considering all these facts together, Damien felt no need to hesitate. Quickly bowing his head, he spoke.
"Damien greets Master."
"Hahaha! Good! I like your decisiveness, young man. Such is a great skill to possess in such a world as ours."
Raising his head, Damien suddenly looked over at Long Chen, who was watching everything go down with a slightly sour look on his face.
"Senior, what about Long Chen?" He asked tentatively.
"What, you aren't calling me Master anymore?" Tian Yang teased, causing Damien to look away in embarrassment.
"Don't worry about him," he continued, turning to Long Chen. "You are actually a hot commodity among the elders, young man. There are plenty of them who wish to take you as their disciple, and you can choose who to take as your master after you meet them.
"The only reason it was this simple with Damien was because it was me who wanted to take him as my disciple. As for where to find those elders, simply inject mana into your disciple token and it shall show you the way."
Long Chen nodded, his precious sour look gone. His face now contained a fierce determination. Standing up from his bed, he walked over to Damien.
"Damien, you are the first person I've met within my age range who was able to force me into a stalemate. Therefore, I refuse to lose to you next time we fight."
"As if I'd let you win next time," Damien smirked. "I was going easy on you last time, so you got off lucky."
Long Chen couldn't help but smile back. "Then, until next time we meet."
With his parting words, Long Chen swiftly left the building they were currently in.
"I guess I shall leave as well. Damien, I will have someone sort out your registration and introductions. Later on, I will summon you when it's time to train."
Without another word, Tian Yang vanished from the room. No trace of his existence remained, not even the residual mana from his teleportation.
Left alone in the room, Damien wanted to take rest, but even that was disallowed to him. Instead, he was pounced on by a large black wolf who he had once again worried to death.



Chapter 137 Celestial Star Palace 3
Once he finally placated Zara's anger a bit, Damien stepped out of bed. Flexing his muscles that had gone slightly sore from overuse, Damien went and threw on the robes that had been prepared for him.
They were a similar color to the disciple token, and the same ones being worn by those guarding the wall when he first came to the sect.
Their design was fully black, looking like an endless night, but lines and swirls of deep blue that encapsulated its surface made it look more like a starry abyss.
After admiring himself in the mirror for a bit, Damien injected his mana into his disciple token to see where he should be headed.
The second he did so, a small sheet of information appeared in his vision.
Disciple- Damien Void
Status- Outer Court Disciple
Master- Grand Elder Tian
Living Quarters- 17A
Tap to open map
He realized that the Cloud Plane was more technologically advanced than he originally thought, they seemingly just preferred their old school customs.
Clicking the map icon, he saw many locations highlighted in red, with one shining particularly bright.
Induction Hall 6
'This must be where that old man wanted me to go.'
Even if he had accepted Tian Yang as his master, he still hadn't witnessed the old man's capabilities. This led to him not recognizing him as his master any more than superficially.
Still, Damien did as he was told and exited the building, walking towards the location that was outlined.
Along the way, he saw many beautiful scenes. Disciples laughing and enjoying their daily lives, the lush greenery that lined the mountain and melded with the sect perfectly, and the sound of music that would occasionally resound from somewhere within the large city.
The mana in the atmosphere was especially calm and ethereal. It was like the soft hum of a lullaby but at the same time the lively music of a renaissance fair. The ambiance was, in his opinion, a very accurate representation of the word celestial.
It was otherworldly and uncaring for mundane affairs. It was something he truly appreciated. He felt that he should really explore this place at some point once he had settled down.
As he enjoyed its products, he ended up smiling. The battle he fought with Long Chen brought him the excitement he was searching for when he adventured to the Cloud Plane. But he also realized he had plenty of flaws.
Thinking back to the battle, he realized that he really did have a lot of cards he didn't use very often. Since he was always focused on improving his sword art or fighting at close range, many of the abilities of his Vector Controller class were collecting dust.
Even his vector field, which had the capability to offset much of the damage he took during that final impact, was mostly unused. It wasn't that he had forgotten about it, he simply didn't like using it if he wasn't fighting with his life on the line.
 His fight against Long Chen was purely a friendly duel. Even if the two of them had gotten out of hand with their final confrontation, it didn't change their original purpose. And in the end, Damien felt like he had lost.
Logically, the two of them had tied, but it didn't matter. The only thing Damien had at the moment was brute strength. If his raw power was equal to or inferior to Long Chen's, it was impossible for him to win.
Realizing this made him think about all his previous fights. He couldn't think of a single one where he won based on strategy or technique.
Even his most recent fight with the sea dragon was purely based on raw strength. They had bombarded each other with devastating attacks until only one of them remained standing.
'An I an idiot?'
His thought process always revolves around what was currently going on, never thinking about the future. Sometimes he would introspect and realize his flaws, but even that only had him reevaluate his past.
He realized that his journey so far was genuinely without purpose. At first, all he wished for was survival. He needed to stay alive so that his mother wouldn't die a lonely death without ever waking up from her coma.
But he had never truly believed that he wouldn't be able to save her. The only time when that thought could have possibly shown up was while he was in the dungeon, but back then he didn't have the time for idle thinking.
'Why do I even want to gain strength?'
It was the core of his being, the desire to become strong. The desire to dominate everything and become the most powerful. Yet, there was quite literally no reason for it.
He wanted strength because he wanted strength. He wanted to travel worlds just for the adventure and new experiences. He had no grand goals, and he hadn't experienced any true tragedy to drive him.
But he had no intention to lose anyone, so he didn't know whether it was a good or bad thing that his life's trajectory was going the way it was.
'A true goal. Motivation.'
It wasn't something simple to find. Life was easy on Damien. Perhaps it was fate or purely luck.
'Or maybe I just have some incredible plot armor.'
He didn't think so. He had worked hard to get where he was today. He spent years and years doing grueling work to achieve his current strength. But he knew it was naive to think it was all his own achievement.
There were plenty of times when pure luck was the reason he could continue forth.
Arriving here at the perfect time for the disciple examination, gaining a connection to earth's world core, meeting Rose, finding Kurt's subspace in the dungeon, and even succeeding in his very first evolution after killing the 1st class wolf. All of it could be considered as the machinations of fate or destiny.
Everything was going so perfectly that he started doubting whether he was truly in control over his life or if some supreme being was steering him in a specific direction. But he shook off that thought.
He wasn't nearly important enough for someone with the power to manipulate things like that to care about him.
He also realized that he might be ADHD or something because his thoughts had skewed so far from his original intention that they were almost unrecognizable.
By the time he snapped out of his thoughts, he was already in front of the induction hall. Its structure wasn't anything special, but it was clear that it was meant for large gatherings of people.
When Damien opened the door, just like he expected, there were another hundred or so new disciples there as well. These were some of the others who passed the exam with him.
However, when they turned back to see who had entered the hall with them, any and all conversation was hushed.
"Hey, isn't that…"
"Yeah, when they said there were only 998 spots I thought of the possibility but…"
"He is a supreme genius on par with Long Chen."
Facing the countless stares and mutters about him, Damien indifferently walked up to the crowd.



Chapter 138 Celestial Star Palace 4
Only a few minutes after Damien's accidentally grand entrance, a beautiful woman entered the room. In fact, the word beautiful didn't do her justice in the slightest.
Her skin was pale white and smoother than even the finest jade, her posture was akin to a swan in a crowd of ducklings. The grace she exudes captivated the entire crowd within the induction hall, forcing their attention onto her.
Her long silver hair cascaded down her back like a river made of moonlight, contrasting her golden eyes that shone like two suns. Her face and body could make any man lose their sanity, but none would be stupid enough to approach her.
If there was one thing that could be said to ruin her beauty, it would be the coldness of her gaze. She looked upon everything as if it was below her, not even bothering with the disciples that were going to be her junior brothers and sisters.
However, even this added a sort of charm to her. A woman who had the strength to back such undaunted arrogance was someone who would inevitably be coveted by many powerful men, and in a world like this one, many of them were destined to be caught by at least one of them.
But the purity she radiated and the fact that she was able to keep her disposition made it clear that she wasn't one to fall to such destiny. This fact made it so not only were the men infatuated with her beauty, the women were in worship of her tenacity.
Her clothes were also different than the ones they wore. They had the same black color as the base, but the lines outlining them were purple in color. It wasn't the same one as the elders, but it was clear that her position in the sect wasn't the same as theirs.
Even Damien fell into a daze while watching her. Yet, his reasons were different than the rest.
'That mana…it's beautiful.'
What his eyes showed him was a sight he wanted to engrave into his memory forever. A cool silver mana with aura as cold and desolate as an apocalyptic ice age, but security like a loving mother.
Damien didn't understand how mana could give off such a human sensation, but it was one he had never experienced before. He was so enraptured by the mana that he barely took note of the woman's beauty or grace in the slightest.
Rose's mana was deceptive as if it was never allowing one to know its next move, Elena's mana was holy, disallowing any impurity, Zara's mana was secretive as if it wanted to evade anyone's senses.
As for Damien's own mana…it was brutal and ethereal. It existed at its own convenience, yet could become vicious at a moment's notice.
The feeling each person's mana gave off was partially influenced by its user, but the elements themselves also played a large part. It was why Damien's mana was ethereal even though he as a person was always direct.
This woman's mana was contrasting itself, but not in a way that created contradiction. Even if the two emotions were vastly different, they interlinked and formed a synergy with each other.
'What kind of person and what kind of element can create such a scene?' Damien wondered, but he wasn't able to remain in his thoughts for long.
He suddenly sensed an icy gaze on his body. His eyes lightly glowed as the two colors within them swirled. It was an automatic response that he had never had before. The trait simply acted on his own.
But he didn't need an explanation of what it did. For a brief moment before his eyes reacted, he felt like he was naked, all his secrets being unraveled by that cold gaze that landed on him.
Looking up, he noticed that same woman staring at him with a well-hidden look of disdain on her face. Even if she tried to hide it, he could still read it in her eyes.
'What did I do to offend her?!' Damien cried inwardly. He didn't know what kind of status she had, but her noble aura wasn't something that could be cultivated by a commoner.
Her gaze didn't linger long, with the entire interaction only spanning a second at most before she continued to pan across the crowd. To anyone unaware, it didn't seem like anything special had happened.
After a long silence, the woman began talking. "You are now outer court disciples of our Celestial Star Sect, so listen carefully to what I am about to say.
"As outer court disciples, you are the lowest of the low within the sect. Even if you choose to flaunt your status when you are outside, within the Star Mountain you are nothing.
"There are tens of thousands of outer court disciples like you, yet there are only a few thousand of us in the inner court. You can imagine how rigorous the test to enter will be.
"Your life as outer court disciples won't be monitored nor policed. What you do is your own choice. However, there are a few requirements you must meet.
"Every year, you have a mission quota. This quota ensures that you will contribute to the sect instead of being useless wastes after joining. As for the specifics, you can go to the mission hall to learn them.
"As for the basic rules, they are simple. Don't be a trash person. Killing your fellow disciples is not allowed, but if you have unreconcilable grudges, you may take the issue to the life or death arena to settle it once and for all.
"Also, if you try to force yourself on someone, you will be either expelled or killed. We do not allow filth within our ranks.
"You will have a monthly allowance of 100 spirit stones, with other resources being purchasable at the Star Plaza. If you wish to higher this amount, you have to work for it.
"Just for reference, we inner court disciples get 5000 spirit stones a month, while the core disciples have an almost unlimited supply.
"I will neither lead you on a tour nor give you any more information. If you are worthy, you shall climb the ladder and if you aren't, you shall rot within the outer court.
"As for where you will live, anyone who isn't an idiot among you should have already received such information from your disciple tokens.
"That is all. You are dismissed."
With those final words, the woman swiftly left without another glance at the stunned disciples she left in her wake.
'Well, that was certainly something.' Damien didn't think they were supposed to be left to do everything themselves, but he didn't care either way.
The first impression that woman gave him couldn't be considered good, but he doubted they'd ever interact again. With how much she seemed to disdain the outer court, he shouldn't be seeing her soon.
'I wonder what the food is like in this world.'
Ignoring the rest of the new disciples, he left the induction hall to go explore the sect.
***
Within a large pagoda near the peak of the mountain, a woman was sitting obediently in front of an old man.
"Master, why did you force me to do that? It is a task usually designated to other outer court disciples, so there was no need for me to go." The woman complained.
"Hahaha, if you didn't have such poor social skills, I wouldn't need to do such a thing, now would I? So, how was it?"
"Hmph, it was stupid. I didn't gain anything from interacting with them, not even one of them could stand straight in front of me."
 "Oh? And what did you think about him?" The old man pressed.
The woman slightly hesitated. "He…I was only able to see through him for a second before I met interference, but I briefly witnessed a field of stars slowly being formed within his being. Still, it doesn't make him worthy in the slightest."
"Hoh?" The old man uttered with an intrigued expression. Soon, he slightly smiled. "What an interesting junior brother you'll soon have."



Chapter 139 First Lesson 1
A week passed by in a flash.
During this time, Damien did his best to explore every corner of the sect that he had access to as an outer disciple, and it was much livelier than he expected.
After that woman's explanation of the outer court, Damien's view of it changed, seeing it as a rat race to reach the better resources of the inner court, but he was sorely mistaken.
Most people didn't mind staying at such a low tier. They were able to enjoy themselves and live comfortably with just the 100 spirit stones a month they were given.
He realized the reason for this, though. While the sect promoted competition, they only wanted those who were worthy to thrive. By giving the outer court disciples a comfortable living environment, they could automatically weed out those without the drive to move forward.
These people still had value to the sect. They'd always fulfill their mission quotas to keep their status as a sect disciple, and they'd take all the odd jobs necessary to keep the environment clean and friendly.
These odd jobs also counted as missions, but they were more long-standing. Damien learned that even those disciples guarding the sect walls did so while earning spirit stones for their efforts.
The buildings Damien found to be most useful for him were the Mission Hall, the Grand Library, and the Star Plaza. While there were other facilities, the ones that would help him progress in cultivation all cost more spirit stones than he currently had.
The Mission Hall was structured similar to the adventurers guild but without all the unnecessary parts. There was a large board spanning the entire back wall of the hall that was filled with different quests and missions.
There were disciples who regulated who could take which quests and a few elders that cataloged everyone who left the sect.
There was also a disciplinary hall where the law enforcers of the sect gathered. However, selection for this position was harsh and only a few were able to maintain it. Being a part of the disciplinary hall was something that could gain one plenty of adoration from fellow disciples.
As for the Star Plaza, it covered a large part of the central area of the city. In the plaza, one could buy almost anything they'd ever need. Resources, beast companions, and even cultivation techniques were for sale at the various stalls that made up its area.
The rest of the city was mainly housing and entertainment, functioning like any other city. The housing for outer disciples wasn't bad, but it couldn't be considered good either.
Damien's room was about the size of a one-bedroom apartment. He didn't know if everyone was able to live alone or if it was a privilege granted to him because of his master, but he didn't mind either way. The living space was still nothing special.
 As for his favorite area, it was either the woodland areas surrounding the city or the grand library. 
He enjoyed the atmosphere that both areas had, and with the forest, he could go hunting if he ever wanted to. It was common for disciples to hunt within the mountain, and they could even sell the beast corpses back to the Mission Hall for spirit stones.
As for the grand library, it helped him learn many things that he didn't previously know. He learned about the holy lands where every major sect was located. Star Mountain was one of them, and each was something akin to a mana hotspot. They were points in the world where the mana density peaked and ambient mana was drawn towards.
He also learned much more about meridians and the cultivation system here. Based on his educated guess, meridians were actually another form of mana circuits. The difference was that people in the Cloud Plane were born with them rather than having to create them later.
It was an interesting concept, but since the knowledge was only regarding meridians and didn't touch on the systems of other worlds, he wasn't able to test the veracity of his conjecture.
Since he was waiting for the first lesson from his new master, he chose not to research anything on his elements. He wanted to see what he could learn as a clean slate when he went into that lesson.
The Grand Library had 3 floors, and he only had access to the first one, with the second and third floors being open to inner and core disciples respectively. Although it was located in the outer court, it was a location where disciples of all three ranks gather.
If there was one more location Damien was particularly excited about, it was the Star Tower.
The Star Tower, from what Damien had understood, was a massive treasure. He didn't know who owned it or who put it on Star Mountain, but it was said that it was there since the sect's beginning.
The Star Tower was a place where one could be challenged and in return receive great rewards. He didn't know much else about it, since he didn't try to do any in-depth research, but he definitely wanted to try it at some point.
With his exploration of the sect finished, Damien didn't really have anything to do. He spent his time in his small dorm room in meditation, attempting to comprehend more of that elusive new element he had been gaining small enlightenments about.
At this point, he was very clear on its identity. It had begun after his long meditation during the trip through outer space, but he had been perceiving its flow in much more detail recently.
It should have been obvious from the start what its identity was, considering how close of a relationship it has to his space element, but he didn't think he'd actually gain it. After all, having control over both of them was too op right?
But his thought process was always logical when it came to comprehension. He knew that the element would have many drawbacks if its power was vast, or there'd be many limitations on what he could do with it.
It was only natural, since disrupting its flow could potentially lead to dire consequences.
But he still wanted to comprehend it. He didn't leave meditation even for the smallest convenience, submerging himself entirely within his consciousness.
And his perception was much stronger there. If space felt like a stable seafloor that made a home for everything to live, time was like the waves that allowed things to live and grow.
With both of them working together, the universe would cease its function. Without time, even if things lived, they would be robotic, in total stasis. And without space, where would they live in the first place?
Damien based plenty of his knowledge on the books he had read on earth since he had already confirmed that they were based on truth. And if that truth extended to the truths of the universe…
Even Nihility could exist. That nothingness that existed before even the concept of existence. If there was one place that existed outside of space and time, it was that.
Still, that wasn't his focus. After another entire week he spent focusing on meditation, Damien felt a vibration from his disciple token.



Chapter 140 First Lesson 2
"Come to my residence. Your disciple token will lead the way."
The message was short, but it was all Damien needed. He had been anticipating the teachings he could get from his new master for an entire week.
It wasn't simply due to his new master's strength or status, but the fact that someone with the same affinity as him was going to teach him.
This was someone whose comprehension of space was undoubtedly leagues ahead of his, this much could be judged based even just on how Tian Yang teleported. Without wasting a second, Damien got dressed and left his residence.
The distinction between the three versions of disciples was made prominent even by their position on the mountain. Outer court disciples didn't have their own place. They lived within the Star City where many of the sect's other functions also existed.
This was a way to show that they genuinely didn't have any position in the sect. Even if they made it in, they didn't work to climb the ranks. But if that was what they desired, so be it.
The Star Mountain had a massive ancient staircase that spanned its entire length, from the very base to the peak. The staircase was made of polished stone and looked like something one would usually see at a shrine. As for its steps, there were thousands, perhaps even tens of thousands of them.
After all, Star Mountain was massive.
The Inner court was slightly higher up the mountain compared to Star City, and the only way for outer court disciples to access it was by climbing this staircase.
There was an odd feature to it. Unless one's disciple token had a mark of authorization that allowed the disciple to climb the steps, they would feel a growing pressure with each step they took.
It was rumored that by the time one reached the Sect Master's abode, the pressure could even crush any normal Law Connection realm expert.
This both prevented outsiders from moving unabatedly within the sect and lower-status disciples from wandering where they weren't qualified to be. A part of the inner court examination was to climb these steps while bearing the pressure.
However, none of this mattered to Damien. He had the authorization needed to climb uninhibited. Reaching the grand archway that indicated the entrance to the inner court, Damien was met by two powerful auras that locked onto his body.
"Halt! What business do you have in the Inner Court, outer court disciple?" A loud voice came from the gate.
Although the pressure did weigh on him, it wasn't nearly strong enough to make Damien feel constricted. Raising his disciple token for the guards to see, he responded.
"I've been called to my master's residence."
The pressure he felt reduced by a large margin and was replaced by two waves of mana that scanned his token. Obviously, Damien wasn't the only one who could spread his awareness.
The two gazes stayed on the badge for close to a minute before receding along with the remaining aura suppression. "Alright, you may continue."
The gates to the inner court opened, allowing Damien to pass by. The scenery he saw was a massive improvement compared to the outer court.
Large pagodas intermingled with the trees of the forest, walkways and fountains decorated the scene. Even if it still looked like a small town, it was much less cluttered than the outer court. Not to mention that the quality of the ambient mana had increased.
But Damien didn't pay any attention to this. He just continued walking until he reached the staircase leading to the core court before repeating the same procedure.
 After another scan of his disciple token, he was allowed entry once more. However, the core court truly stunned him.
There were only a few dozen residences within his immediate vision, but they were all grand enough to be the most expensive mansions on earth. The flora of the mountain was much more lively here as well, with the plants actually seeming to have gained sentience.
Damien didn't know why the plants were so tame even after gaining a sense of self, but he assumed that the sect had cultivated them to be so.
What took his attention, though, was once again the ambient mana. If the ambient mana at the inner court was a 10x increase in density and purity compared to the outer court, the core court was a 100x increase.
The mana was insanely pure to the point where Damien could genuinely feel its weight on his shoulders as he walked. It was like wading through shallow water, except the entire atmosphere felt like that.
Damien continued forward, looking around for the residence he was supposed to go to. In the distance, he could see the expansive palace where the Sect Master resided.
Not too close yet not too far from it, he saw another residence that didn't quite fit the rest of the core court's ambiance. It was a small pagoda the size of a two-story house. It looked simple and comfortable, like something an average family would live in.
Yet, that was his destination. It was the residence of the Grand Elder of the Celestial Star Palace.
'As expected of that old monster' Damien thought as he reached the house. He felt that this setup would fit the "playing pig to eat the tiger" saying very well if not for the old man's status within the sect.
Without even needing Damien to announce his presence, the door to the residence swung open, revealing a plain room with minimalistic decoration.
"Welcome, Damien. This is where you will be spending most of your lessons with me, so get used to it. However, we will not start right away. We need to wait for your senior sister to arrive."
"Eh?" Damien exclaimed. Senior sister? Well, he didn't know anyone here and hadn't made any enemies, so he calmly waited until she arrived.
He didn't need to wait long, though. Within a few minutes, a crisp voice resounded through the room.
"Master, why did you call me here? You know I am trying to have a breakthrough in my Yin element."
Damien felt that the voice was somewhat familiar as if he'd heard it before. Yet, the tone of the voice didn't nearly match what he had heard last time. Due to this, he didn't expect to see the person he saw when he turned around.
The two of them locked eyes, and the woman's gaze immediately chilled. "What're you looking at?"
That was the tone he had expected. It was cold, arrogant, and held a slight tinge of disgust.
"Hm? Well, my master just told me I'd be meeting my senior sister, so I turned to look at her." Damien responded with a deadpan face.
This girl might have been arrogant, but he didn't lose out in this department. It was just that he usually tried to push down his arrogance by keeping his eyes on the taller mountains.
But he didn't like the way this woman always seemed disgusted by his presence. He literally did nothing to offend her, but he was receiving this treatment? He wouldn't take such a slight lying down.
Damien's sarcastic answer clearly pissed the woman off more, and as the two glared at each other, Tian Yang smiled in amusement.
"Damien, meet your senior sister, Xue Ruyue."



Chapter 141 First Lesson 3
Xue Ruyue.
It was truly a name that matched her beauty. Her presence was like the moon, and even her name reflected this fact. Actually, Damien had been so focused on her mana and personality that he hadn't taken the time to admire her beauty.
Still, beauty wasn't enough to make him change his impression of her. Even if she had looks that even surpassed Rose, her personality didn't hold a candle.
Taking his eyes off of his new senior sister, Damien turned back to Tian Yang. "Master, now that the introductions are over, what are you going to teach me today?"
Tian Yang smiled at Damien's impatience. "Calm down. While I am prepared to teach you many things, some clarifications need to be made first."
Beckoning Damien to come towards him, Tian Yang continued. "For different types of meridians, there are different methods that need to be used during training. Some meridians don't hold the flexibility to cater some methods, while others are too flexible to treat roughly."
"Now come hold your arm out to me so I can check the structure of your meridians."
Damien walked in front of Tian Yang and held out his arm as he was asked. He was well aware of the fact that he didn't possess meridians, but he wanted to see what would happen.
His Ananta system was built to evolve with him, so he was sure he could tweak it if he ever found a more practical method. He was also curious what the denizens of this world would think of his system.
When Tian Yang grabbed Damien's hand, he let a gentle stream of mana enter his body. This mana didn't contain any malicious intent, instead, tracing along Damien's mana circuits and seeing their design.
Oddly enough, Damien's Void Physique had no reaction to this new foreign mana.
Tian Yang was almost forced to do a double-take when he saw the system running through Damien's body. Countless intricate amethyst veins lined his internal body, creating a second nervous system.
Not only did they reach his extremities and all his organs, they even connected to his brain. When Tian Yang reached the center of this system, he saw a large pulsing crystal that looked like a second heart.
This crystal continuously refined mana and sent it back through those veins connected to it, creating a feedback loop of refinement. Like this, as long as Damien continued improving, his mana would refine itself to a higher level.
'What is this?'
Tian Yang had never seen anything like it before. One thing he was sure of, however, was that they weren't meridians in the slightest.
The smile on Tian Yang's face widened. 'I see. So that's how it is.'
By this point, Tian Yang had already lived for many centuries. It'd be odd for him to not understand what was going on.
'This kid is more daring than I originally thought.'
Someone who could inherit the Void Heart Sword Law would never be a normal person, but this was a different degree of abnormal.
Tian Yang was an adventurous spirit back in his prime before he realized his limits and settled down. He wasn't someone who would be content with sitting idly by while time passed around him.
Not only that, but he was also someone with a spatial affinity. It would've been impossible for him to reach his current level of attainment if he didn't explore the cosmos himself.
He had left the Celestial Star Palace that he grew up in to explore other worlds. He adventured, he fought, and he grew in power to reach his current strength.
By the time he returned to the Cloud Plane, he was an entirely different person with a wealth of experience under his belt.
At that time, he had already entered the Law Sea realm. Being at the peak of the world, he once again settled in at the sect he grew up in, supporting it and protecting it from his post as the Grand Elder.
 Now, in front of him, there was another boy similar to him. A boy whose adventurous spirit could be clearly felt in his aura who also had the same spatial affinity as him. And this boy was visiting the Cloud Plane from some other star in the vast cosmos
The difference was that this boy's potential was much higher than his. 'Even after being a part of this sect that excels at divination for so long, I've always doubted fate. Yet, can this be considered anything else?'
Tian Yang removed his hand from Damien's wrist as his smile deepened. "You're quite a bold child, aren't you?" He said teasingly.
Damien knew exactly what he was talking about. From the start, he was aware he wouldn't be able to hide his origins from someone so much more powerful than him, so he decided it'd be best to be upfront with it.
With a large grin on his face, Damien decided to quip back. "Hm? What could you possibly be talking about?"
'He has the spirit of a cultivator too. Daring to act smart even in the face of power he can't comprehend.' Tian Yang thought.
It was their first true interaction, not counting when Damien first woke up after the disciple examination, and it had a great start. The two of them took an immediate liking to each other.
Xue Ruyue was watching the whole ordeal occur from across the room, and her eyes became complicated seeing the smile on her master's face. Still, her thoughts were known only to her.
There was an odd thing that could occur when two people with the same affinity met. There was a small chance that they would gravitate towards each other and develop a stronger bond than most.
When the affinity was as elusive and esoteric as the space element, this kind of connection could become even stronger. These people could bounce ideas off of each other and progress much faster through gaining enlightenment.
Even if Damien's strength didn't match up to Tian Yang's, his views and ideologies would be different. Through the intermingling of two perspectives and the exchange of their values, many newer and stronger ideas could be born.
Tian Yang naturally was aware of this, and he couldn't help but become somewhat excited over the prospect. How many years had it been since he'd made progress?
"Alright then. With this kind of meridians, you shouldn't have any problems with the training I will be putting you through. So, let's get started right away."
Slight undulations leaked from Tian Yang's body as he revolved his mana. Sensing this, even Xue Ruyue made distance.
Without warning, a suffocating pressure burst out of the old man's body. The pressure alone caused space to ripple, forming slight cracks. However, the small residence remained undamaged.
Unlike that of the guards, Tian Yang's pressure made Damien feel like an entire planet was being forced onto his back. He was doing everything in his power to hold himself back from kneeling.
With his own aura flaring to negate a portion of the pressure he was feeling, Damien raised his head and grinned maddeningly.
"Let's play then, old man."



Chapter 142 First Lesson 4
Boom-!
 At the moment, two flashes of light were connecting in various locations along the width of the room. Each of their clashes resulted in an explosion that threatened to crack the sturdy floor they were fighting on.
From an outsider's perspective, it would be hard to even tell what was taking place to cause the bright flashes.
Damien raised his arm, punching forward with a light of spatial mana covering his fist. With each movement, he felt like he was shattering a piece of glass.
But instead of glass, it was the spatial layers in his vicinity that broke. The current fight wasn't taking place in the stability of the real plane but within its gaps.
It was previously explained that when Damien teleported, he connected the spatial layers of two different points and stepped through them, but in this fight, he was skipping the essential steps.
He stepped in between these layers and tried his best to track his opponent, but he wasn't doing too well. After all, his opponent didn't leave a single trace when he moved.
Boom-! Boom-!
Damien continued to throw punches, trying to force Tian Yang out in the open, but none of his attacks connected. The old man was simply too skilled at maneuvering through the folds of space.
Recently, Damien had almost completely forgone the usage of teleportation whilst in combat, and there was a very simple reason for this. He was unable to control the fluctuations of space when he emerged from within its folds.
At lower classes, this didn't matter much since people didn't have enough experience to deal with him even if they could sense the fluctuations, but that wasn't the same anymore.
If he had used teleportation in his fight against Long Chen, he would have been forced into a corner much quicker. He wouldn't have been able to react quickly enough while Long Chen would easily be able to attack before Damien even emerged totally.
This was a downside Damien had already accepted, and it led him to stop using the very first skill he earned, his short-distance teleportation. But everything changed when he first met Tian Yang.
The old man left no trace of himself after he disappeared. No physical clues, no lingering mana, and no fluctuations. This was something he truly admired, as he still hadn't figured out how to do it.
While he tried to observe Tian Yang's usage of space element, Damien clenched his palm into a fist before rotating it. Space followed his movements, distorting and cracking within a small radius of him.
With this, Tian Yang's figure was finally revealed. He was sitting leisurely in the air as if the entire fight was nothing to him. "You're finally making some progress, boy. But if you brute force your way through this, you won't learn a thing."
Tian Yang stepped forward, melding into the folds of space and disappearing once again.
Damien was feeling frustrated. He had already been at this for half an hour or more, but he wasn't able to learn anything. He knew that brute force wouldn't always be the answer, but he was letting his mind be clouded by his emotions.
So, he made the logical choice. Trying to emulate his moves from the forest earlier, Damien willed his emotions to enter the sphere of mana in his mind.
'Void Heart'
Entering this state, he only had one goal. Comprehend what Tian Yang was trying to teach him.
Damien's eyes lost their luster and became entirely emotionless. He slowly relaxed his posture, appearing entirely unbothered. Suddenly, he waved his arm to the right.
Bang-!
A projectile that was flying in his direction at untraceable speeds was flung away from his body. The vectors controlling its trajectory were entirely altered.
Looking in the direction it came from, Damien vanished. When he reappeared, he was 29 meters away from his original spot, punching toward the empty space in front of him.
Boom-!
His fist was caught by a much more powerful hand. "Although this method can be considered cheating, I applaud you for using everything in your arsenal. Now, continue."
When Tian Yang vanished again, Damien calmly stood and watched with utmost concentration.
'His movements are light. He wastes no motion while teleporting, not even causing ripples in the spatial layers.'
Tian Yang moved like a fish in water, while Damien was more like a caveman. He figured that his lack of familiarity with movement in space somewhat contributed to his inability to conceal himself.
'Efficiency isn't the same for every person. I have different means than his.'
Gaining such familiarity would take years of diligent practice, and that wasn't what Damien was trying to do right now. He wanted an immediate solution to this problem.
'In my arsenal, the best choice would be vectors.'
Vectors existed within everything. Even space itself could be said to contain countless vectors that coordinated its movements. When Damien learned vector control, he used space as a medium to manipulate vectors.
This time, he wanted to manipulate the vectors of the medium itself. If he could do this, negating the fluctuations shouldn't be a problem at all.
The ability to control vectors gave Damien a wide range of options that he hadn't completely explored yet. Among these was the ability to control magnitude.
Magnitude quite literally referred to the size or extent of something. Although space was ethereal rather than physical, it was the concept he felt most familiar with.
He didn't re-enter the real plane for his experiment, opting to stay within the folds of space. He also stopped minding the fact that Tian Yang was still occasionally sending projectiles towards him to disrupt his concentration.
He erected his vector field to passively reflect any attacks that flew in his direction. Raising his arm once more, Damien began lightly flicking the air like he was playing an invisible guitar.
With each flick, ripples appeared in the space around him. He coated his fingers in spatial mana to create this effect. Slowly but surely, he tried to grasp the vectors that upheld the space in his vicinity.
On the other side of the room, Tian Yang watched Damien work. For the first few minutes, he still sent attacks to try and challenge Damien's concentration, but they were all deflected effortlessly.
Some of these attacks even reflected in Xue Ruyue's direction, forcing her to dodge and parry to the best of her ability. Since she wasn't able to see what was happening within the folds of space, she immediately became incensed, thinking it was being done on purpose.
'The powers this boy possesses are interesting, to say the least. This kind of force used to control trajectories and other forces related to an object wasn't something I learned until very late in my journey. Not to mention, his method is completely different.' Tian Yang thought.
He watched as Damien slowly lowered the strength of the ripples emanating from his finger, even though the amount of force and mana he used was the same.
'And his rate of comprehension is also nothing to scoff at. In only an hour he has grasped a method to emulate my usage of space laws.'
While Tian Yang was deep in thought, he stopped paying attention to Damien, making him miss the time when Damien paused his experiments and looked in his direction.
And while he continued to think, Damien vanished from his previous position, appearing silently in front of Tian Yang and punching out with all his strength.
Bang-!



Chapter 143 First Lesson 5
Currently, Damien's figure could be seen sprawled on the floor, virtually painted black and blue.
"Ugh…Master, was that really necessary?" He groaned, his pain evident in his expression.
"You're the one who got cocky after landing a single hit. Did you think I wouldn't teach you a lesson?" Tian Yang responded with a smirk.
After learning how to use magnitude manipulation to offset and minimize the fluctuations that occurred during teleportation, Damien immediately appeared in front of Tian Yang and landed a solid punch.
Since Tian Yang was lost in thought, he didn't have time to block. His powerful body that was leagues ahead of Damien's completely absorbed the punch, but he definitely lost face during the exchange.
And so, Tian Yang proceeded to lay down the law on Damien in a manner that he wasn't even able to counter or block. Tian Yang would appear out of nowhere and disappear just as fast, beating Damien to a pulp.
He didn't even use his raw strength as a Law Sea expert, only using 3rd class power to totally dominate the battle. The final result was the current scene.
While Damien waited for his body to regenerate, which felt like it was going much slower than it should, he caught sight of Xue Ruyue in the corner with a slight smirk on her face.
"What're you laughing at?" He quipped, slowly sitting up.
Noticing that she was caught, she reverted to her icy expression before responding cluelessly, "what do you mean?"
'This bitch!' Damien thought. Still, he didn't focus on her for long. His thoughts shifted to the previous exchange.
Not only did he learn how to teleport silently once again, which would be immensely useful in battle, but he also gained the realization that he had barely scratched the surface of what he could do with his vector control.
There wasn't even a real lesson involved, rather it was a showcase of prowess that let Damien learn by feeling it himself. He definitely appreciated this method of teaching.
Though, he didn't think that was all he would receive. At least, he hoped so. He wasn't a masochist to enjoy having this kind of lesson too often.
While Damien was digesting his gains, Tian Yang suddenly spoke up. "Do you know what the two main affinities necessary to practice our sect's divination arts are?"
Damien looked up. "Why would I know that? I just got here."
Not minding the sarcasm in his tone, Tian Yang continued. "It's a rare thing for someone to appear in the world with control over the two elements naturally. Most of our elders who practice divination only gained small amounts of inherited comprehension from their predecessors."
Even Xue Ruyue began paying attention at this point. The divination techniques of the sect weren't made available to disciples, so she was naturally curious about their workings.
"Divination is an odd profession. It allows one to see into the future, but never more than the heavens permit. It can even allow one to gaze into the past or gain a deeper understanding of the present.
"In summary, there is a reason why the term Seers is used when referring to those who practice this branch of arts. The main power of divination is to see through the fabric of reality."
Panning his gaze between his two disciples that were listening with rapt attention, Tian Yang spoke once again. "As for the two main elements necessary for divination? They are space and time."
"A Seer at the peak of their power is said to peer through space and locate anyone or anything they desire. They can also peer through time and decide which path would be best to achieve their goals.
"This kind of power is always frowned upon by others since it gives a seer nigh omnipotence in that aspect.
"At one point in time, people even banded together, attempting to eradicate all those who practiced divination techniques, but they were unsuccessful.
 "Those seers also gathered, forming the beginning of what would later become our Celestial Star Palace."
Damien was intrigued by the topic and raised a question. "So why is it Celestial Star Palace? What correlation does that have to the Seers?"
Tian Yang smiled and answered him patiently. "It's simple. The legacy of those seers can only be inherited by a limited number of people, so an entire sect formed on their foundations was close to impossible.
"But they looked to divination for the answer, and according to legend, they all saw the same prophecy. It was a scene that began and ended with stars. A massive cosmos formed by unknown means. However, before they could witness any more, they met with heaven's wrath.
"Looking too far into the secrets of the universe, or important events that will change the flow of fate and destiny causes immense backlash for those who wish to know too much.
"Of those thousands of seers, around 80% of them immediately lost their eyesight, becoming permanently blinded. Even the most valuable healing pills were unable to solve the problem. The rest who got off lucky were nearly crippled, unable to use divination techniques ever again.
"It was their punishment from the heavens."
"And what is this concept of the heavens?" Damien pressed. He had heard the term many times since arriving on the Cloud Plane, and even more in novels he previously read. Yet, none of them explained exactly what the heavens are.
"You don't even know that much" Xue Ruyue interjected with disdain. "Even the smallest of children know about the mighty heavens. Where were you raised? In some filthy mountain by beasts?"
However, before Damien could vent his rage back, Tian Yang began calmly explaining. "The heavens are…well the heavens are everything. They are natural law, the law of the universe, the overseer of existence, and many more.
"The heavens manifest themselves in various ways that us mortals cannot comprehend. The holographic window that appears before us at birth and quantifies our power is one of the heavens' many faces.
"Another is the Heavenly Tribulation that descends when one enters Law Connection realm."
"Heavenly Tribulation?!" Damien exclaimed. He didn't need an explanation about those, but he had no idea they actually existed. The system had shown signs of sentience before, being aware of every individual's progress and recording their legends, but he didn't think it'd manifest physically.
"That's right. Upon entering 4th class, there is an extremely large change that an individual will go through. To deem one worthy of such change, the heavens enact a tribulation for them to pass.
"If they fail the tribulation, they die. And if they pass, they are allowed to continue their path to strength.
"Not only that, but it is also fabled that upon entering the demigod realm, one experiences an even greater tribulation to shed their mortal body. It is the final step towards gaining divinity."
Damien was in awe at this information. He finally realized how fast the universe was. How much power people could hold. He felt ashamed of himself for being proud of his measly strength in the grand scheme.
'There is always a peak above the peak.' He felt that this old saying was truly apt.
But he swore on everything he knew and loved. One day he would reach the highest peak. The one that looked down upon all creation in contempt.



Chapter 144 Mission 1
"Master, do you mind doing me a favor?" Damien asked tentatively. He wanted to see something. Or rather, he wanted a reminder that he was still weak.
Tian Yang raised his brow in intrigue. "We won't know until you ask."
"Then, can you release your full aura? I want to feel the true power of a Law Sea realm expert."
Tian Yang hesitated slightly but nodded his head nonetheless. "Very well. If I released my entire aura, it wouldn't be a surprise for you to sustain critical injury or even die, so I will release just the amount that I feel you can handle."
He then turned to Xue Ruyue and beckoned her over. "You come too. It'll be a good learning experience."
Although she didn't understand why, she still walked over as she was told. With both of his disciples in front of him, Tian Yang's face became serious.
"When it feels like your body can't handle it, release your own aura. At that point, I will be able to gauge your upper limit."
Without another word, Tian Yang shifted his entire presence. Rather than the teacher and old man he was previously, he now gave off a domineering light like an emperor.
Before either Damien or Xue Ruyue understood what was happening, everything in their vision became black.
The murky darkness filled the entire room, and it seemed to be emanating from a single spot, Tian Yang.
As he exerted more and more of his aura, the blackness thickened, and the pressure the two felt increased steadily. It reached the point where neither of them were able to confidently stand on their feet anymore.
Thump-!
The sound of knees impacting the ground could be heard as the aura suppression continued to climb. Damien still wasn't using his aura to alleviate any of the burden, so his knees could no longer hold on.
Space began to crack purely due to the weight of the aura. The sturdy interior of the house that didn't even show signs of damage when Damien and Tian Yang sparred earlier began creaking like it was rusty and decrepit.
And then, the aura flared.
Damien felt something he hadn't felt in a long time. It was to the point where he almost forgot the feeling entirely. It filled his being, it froze his body, his mind went blank, and he began sweating profusely. It was the most basic instinct of a human
It was a primal fear that prevailed when all hope was lost.
 'What is this?' Damien could no longer think straight. The idea of using his aura to counter the suppression didn't even enter his mind. He was utterly terrified.
Xue Ruyue wasn't any better. She was also on the ground, shivering as if her body was submerged in the coldest of temperatures.
As a member of the Xue clan, one of the 4 great clans, she was someone who was always surrounded by powerful people. She had seen more Law Connection and Law Sea realm beings than she could count on her hands.
Yet, she had never seen them exert all their strength. There had never been an altercation that forced them to do so.
There was a treaty in place by the 4 great clans that she never understood until today. It only had one clause.
"Law Sea realm experts are not to be mobilized unless a clan is facing threat of extinction. Conflict between 4th class members must take place in an area secluded from civilization."
But she understood it now. If this kind of power was ever mobilized as an attack near a city…that city would be demolished in seconds.
Watching his two disciples, Tian Yang began to slowly walk forward.
'Escape. I need to escape.' Damien's mind revolved trying to think of a way to escape the scenario, but his rational thinking was impaired. His skin began to crack and blood leaked out of his pores.
Without his conscious thought, his aura began to release itself. But it wasn't the usual amethyst color. It was blood red like the time he fought the sea dragon.
His irises began swirling, the two colors contained within them battling for supremacy. The scene was like ouroboros, a snake eating its own tail.
But the red color was winning. His cross-shaped pupils spun wildly before elongating into a reptilian slit, his irises becoming completely blood red.
His emotions were forced into the Mind Prison subconsciously, as he couldn't handle the strain they had on his brain anymore.
All the while, the pressure kept increasing. Xue Ruyue had already tapped out, using the last of her sanity to forfeit, so all the pressure in the room was being directed towards Damien with pinpoint accuracy.
Xue Ruyue watched from the side with lingering fear evident in her eyes. Even if the pressure wasn't directed at her, she could still feel its immense might.
Damien felt like an entire cosmos was dropped on his back. He felt like he was carrying the sky itself. But now that his emotions were locked away, his rational mind was able to regain control.
Or at least, it should have been. But the blood-red aura around Damien indicated something different.
His teeth and nails elongated into fangs and claws, the muscles in his legs pulsated with power, two protrusions were trying their best to make their way out of his skull, and the same was happening on his back. Pitch black scales appeared and disappeared beneath his skin.
Tian Yang was of the mind to stop releasing his aura a long time ago, but seeing the changes happening within Damien, he continued to press him. He wanted to see where this led.
But fate had different plans.
"AARRGH!"
Damien let out a howl of pain. His eyes began bleeding, and with the other changes taking place in his body, it made him look like a demonic being.
His muscles spasmed as his body continued attempting to change, but something was holding it back. If Damien was sane, he'd immediately know what it was. His bloodline simply wasn't completed yet.
'Interesting.' Tian Yang thought to himself. 'A beast that even the Void Heart Scriptures cannot contain. The boy has been cultivating it within him all this time.'
Feeling that it was enough, Tian Yang began lowering the pressure he exerted. This gave the bestial Damien a chance to rage.
"ROOOAAARRR!"
With a guttural roar, he charged at Tian Yang. There was no use of elements nor techniques, just pure physical strength.
However, just this was enough to cause spiderweb cracks to form in the ground beneath him.
His speeds reached an entirely new height that almost rivaled teleportation, appearing in front of his opponent in a flash.
But his opponent this time wasn't someone he could mess with.
"Sleep."
Tian Yang's hand looked like it only made a slight movement, but in the next instant, Damien was pounded into the floor.
The motion was so abrupt that the velocity he gained from his charge contributed to the strength of his fall, breaking through the sturdy floors of the house and causing him to directly fall unconscious.
Looking at Damien, whose figure was returning to normal now that he was asleep, Tian Yang let out a slight chuckle.
"I wonder what other secrets this boy is hiding."



Chapter 145 Mission 2
When Damien opened his eyes, he found himself on yet another familiar bed. In the past few weeks, he had already been through this routine more times than he had since arriving at the Cloud Plane.
But this time, his memory wasn't as foggy. He was painfully aware of what caused him to enter such a state. 'First of all, damn that old man is powerful.'
It wasn't just the terrifying aura that made Damien say this, though that definitely contributed. The aura he felt wasn't what he expected at all.
With his experience so far, he thought that a Law Sea realm aura might be enough to bring him to his knees, but he didn't expect it to be enough to instill such primal fear into the core of his being.
'And that was just the aura he could release without killing me…'
He remembered the old man's words before they even started, and he now wholeheartedly believed them. If the old man hadn't made his move with his disciples' safety in mind, they would have died without even knowing how.
Damien realized that in his journey thus far, all the 4th class beings he met were friendly. He now had another instance he could consider he survived purely based on luck.
The other thing in Damien's mind was what happened to him under that intense suppression.
'That was like…beast mode?'
He couldn't think of a better word to describe it. It wasn't like his traits became more prominent, but the most prominent parts of his bloodline fought for supremacy while trying to emerge from his body.
His horns, scales, eyes, and even the wings that almost came out were all evidently draconic, but his legs and fangs were part of his original wolf bloodline.
He had no idea how the bloodline he first gained during his fall in the dungeon could compete with that of a literal dragon, but he didn't question it. In the first place, he didn't have enough knowledge of what was going on to question it.
"Oh, you're finally up." A disdainful voice suddenly snapped Damien out of his thoughts. Though, he did notice that it contained less hostility than before.
Standing up from the bed, Damien responded without looking over. "How long has it been since I passed out?"
"3 hours." Xue Ruyue said. However, her face soon turned bright red for a moment before she turned away. "And put some clothes on, idiot."
Only then did Damien realize why he felt so breezy. He was only wearing his underwear, his other clothes getting torn to shreds in the previous events.
"Oh." Damien didn't think much of it. If he could spend 2 years running around naked in a dungeon of beasts, this much was nothing.
Putting on a new set of clothes, Damien turned to look at his senior sister who he didn't have a good impression of. Still, her decreased hostility did make him consider changing his mind.
He would just reciprocate the attitude he received. It was that simple. "Is there anything for me to do?"
Xue Ruyue shook her head. "Master had some things to take care of, so he left you here. Until he calls you again, you are free to do as you wish."
"Alright, until next time then." Without waiting for a response, Damien warped back to his living quarters in the outer court.
Looking at the now empty space where he once stood, Xue Ruyue's eyes became complicated. Still, she simply sighed before turning away and continuing her day.
A few days passed since Damien's first lesson, and he had spent the time resting in his dorm. For a first time, he felt that he had benefitted immensely from his master's teachings.
In these last few days, Damien tried to imitate the partial transformation he incurred previously, but to no avail. He could feel a trigger within his body, but he couldn't activate it.
He visited the Grand Library to try and understand this phenomenon, but he couldn't find much information. It wasn't that humans with beast transformations or beast bloodlines were too rare, but he didn't have access to get the appropriate information.
All he could figure out was that it was normal for humans with beast bloodlines to inherit their abilities. For instance, someone with dragon bloodline inheriting their flame control or breath wasn't too rare.
As for transformations, they were a higher level of this inheriting. But for Damien it was different. He didn't have the bloodline of an existing beast, rather he had a bloodline made by devouring those of other beasts continually.
It was like he was forging a new path the way beasts did when they reached 4th class. If he manages to heighten his bloodline to its peak, he might even become part divine beast.
He mused that this was something anyone with the evolver title had the privilege of doing. The title was what granted him the ability to practice the evolution system of beasts along with the normal cultivation system of humans.
But considering the fact that he never met another evolver, they must be somewhat rare.
After his trip to the library, Damien was once again of the mind to be active. The hard truth of how weak he was on a grand scale made his drive to grow stronger burn all the more brightly. And with that in mind, made his way to the mission hall.
Entering the large hall, he went straight to the mission board. There were 3 different branches of missions one could take.
Minor, mid-level, and major missions.
The minor missions were simple collection missions or errands for the sect. Long-term occupations like guard duty were also included in these. To complete the mission quota, one would need to occupy guard duty for an entire year without pause.
As for the mid-level missions, they were things like hunting beasts that were plaguing certain areas or killing some wicked cultivators who were terrorizing people. For missions in this level, one was required to complete 10 a year if they solely relied on them.
As for the major missions, only 3 a year were necessary to fill out the mission quota. And naturally, their difficulty matched this small number.
Major missions were always complicated. Eradicating an entire wicked power, aiding kingdoms in overthrowing coupes, and other things like that.
These requests always came from more high-profile people in society who wanted to get things done without moving personally.
These missions were also the only ones that weren't limited to the Central Continent. The Central Continent was essentially the overseer of the entire Cloud Plane, and the major sects had a duty of keeping peace and providing aid when necessary.
These major missions were always shared between the 5 major sects, each having their own protocols and areas they managed.
And with the scale being so big, these missions usually required a party to complete rather than a single person.
But Damien still went straight for these missions. He wanted to participate in something big like this and was searching for something he could do alone.
Help the Xiang Family eliminate their opposition and take the throne.
 Location: Southern Continent
Strength required: Core Formation realm
Reward: 2000 Spirit Stones
Damien looked at this one, but he disregarded it quickly. He didn't want to get embroiled in political drama that could come back to bite him.
He continued scouring the wall, looking for something more straightforward, before his gaze landed on a certain sheet of paper.
Eradicate the wicked power, Beguiled Devil Sect, who has been terrorizing the Shentian province.
Location: Northern Continent
Strength required: Core Foundation Realm
Reward: 2500 Spirit Stones



Chapter 146 Mission 3
When Damien reached out to grab the mission, he was met with another hand. As it turns out, someone else wanted it as well.
Turning to look at the owner of the hand, Damien was pleasantly surprised. "Who would've thought we'd run into each other like this."
When he thought about it, it actually wasn't so surprising that they would end up in this situation. There were very few missions meant for Core Expansion realm since most that reached this level already made their way to the inner court.
And even though neither Long Chen nor Damien was at the Core Expansion realm, their combat prowess made it so missions meant for Core Formation realm cultivators wouldn't pressure them the same way.
"Indeed," the black-haired man responded, "it seems fate continues to push us together."
Damien merely smiled at this. He still wasn't entirely convinced about the existence of such a thing as fate. "So? What are we going to do about this?" Damien asked, gesturing towards the mission.
"Hmm, our duel ended in a tie, so it's no use fighting over it. At the end of the day, it was meant to be taken on in groups, so why don't we do it together?"
In fact, Damien had the same idea. He just wanted to prod at Long Chen and see if he was of the same mind. He just hadn't expected Long Chen to be so forward with it.
"Alright then. I've been wanting some excitement, so this should be fun."
Damien grabbed the sheet of paper off the wall and the two of them headed towards the registration desk to see one of the elders.
When the mission hall elder saw the mission the two of them planned to take, he looked at them like they were a bunch of fools.
 "You know this mission is well above your puny levels, right? If you go, you will inevitably die."
"It matters not." Long Chen said. "We chose this mission well aware of the risks. A warning now means nothing."
When the mission hall elder looked at Damien, he also nodded, expressing his agreement.
Sighing, the elder took out a stamp and pressed it onto the paper. "Alright then, I won't say anything else. The mission has been claimed by you and will remain that way for the next 6 months. If you haven't returned by that time, you will be declared dead."
Damien and Long Chen nodded at the elder before leaving the hall. The rest of the information they'd need would be directly transmitted to their disciple tokens.
"Oh, that reminds me. Did you end up finding a master?" Damien mentioned.
"Right. I did find myself a master. Her name is Elder Xiao Xun and she is a genius with the sword. I believe that under her guidance I will be able to learn much."
Damien nodded. Even from their first interaction, he could tell Long Chen's interest in the sword. Meanwhile, for him it was just a means to an end.
He never chose to be a sword cultivator. If the first weapon he found in the dungeon was a spear, that would have been his path instead.
But he didn't hate the sword. It had effective reach and also cutting power. It was basically the most balanced weapon. That's why it was also the most commonly used.
"Anyway, let's meet back up tomorrow in the same spot. After that, we can make our way to the Northern Continent."
Long Chen nodded before splitting up from Damien. He clearly wasn't a man of many words, and Damien respected that.
It wasn't like the two automatically became friends after a single duel. Both had their own pride and goals. It could be said that their relationship was more one of mutual respect, which was why they took the mission together.
After warping back to his dorm, Damien withdrew his disciple token to check the mission details.
Eradicate the wicked power, Beguiled Devil Sect, who has been terrorizing the Shentian province.
The Beguiled Devil Sect is a mid-sized power in the Western Region of the Northern continent. In recent months, they have been becoming more active, using their vile means to terrorize the Shentian province.
Their focus is devil arts, which consume the life force of others to grant them power. The art has a side effect of turning them into bloodthirsty beasts, struggling to retain their sanity if they do not consume life force.
It is suspected that this struggle has become more severe recently, causing the disciples of this sect to wantonly kill innocent civilians at a much more frequent rate for their life force.
The Shentian province is ruled by the Shen clan, whose strength is almost on par with the Beguiled Devil Sect, but if they move, they will lose too many experts in the crossfire.
The Shen Clan has hired help from the sects in the Central Continent to raid and demolish the wicked sect; putting an end to their deeds.
After that, some more information about the general power structure and strength of the Beguiled Devil Sect was listed, along with more information they would need when the time comes.
From this, Damien could grasp one thing with certainty. This world was truly ruled by strength. It was mentioned that the rate the Beguiled Devil Sect disciples were consuming the life force of the innocent had increased, not that it had started.
It was clear that the wicked sect had been plundering life force from the common populace of this region and others for quite some time, but the fact that they were generally indiscreet made it so the major powers didn't care much.
Everyone was selfish, and that selfishness was even more pronounced in the Cloud Plane. Now that the activities of the wicked power were brought to light, they were forced to deal with it. Otherwise, they'd lose credibility in the eyes of their people.
And in turn, this would make them lose face and power. These were the two most important concepts to cultivators, whose pride tended to be higher than the heavens.
But Damien wasn't any better. Although he understood that these righteous powers were only representatives of good on the surface, that wasn't his business. He cared for strength, and he cared for those close to him.
He was reminded of Rose at this moment. Ever since they separated, he hadn't been staying still at all. It was a part of his personality to constantly move, but perhaps he was also avoiding a certain feeling he recognized.
It was loneliness. He had gotten so used to sharing a bed with Rose and seeing her in the morning when he woke up. He had gotten used to the idle conversation they would always have.
Even if he had Zara, who he talked to and joked with frequently, it was different. Zara was closer to a little sister to him, while his bond with Rose was something more special.
He knew that pushing her away was his own decision, but that didn't mean he didn't regret it. He was running from his problems like he always did. That's all there was to it.
Shaking his head, Damien got rid of those depressing thoughts. Starting tomorrow, he would be on a new adventure. He just needed to put his focus on that.



Chapter 147 Supreme Fairy Paradise 1
A few thousand kilometers away from the Celestial Star Palace, there was an area that looked like a natural heaven.
There was no visible human interference in the area, and even beasts that were ever-present within nature were absent. It was a pure ecosystem of thriving plant life.
The trees reached for the heavens, being tens of kilometers in height, their foliage blocking out almost all sunlight that tried to pass through.
Yet even with the lack of sunlight, the plant life below them thrived. Lush green grass taller than the average human covered the jungle-like terrain, vines swung from tree to tree, connecting the entire ecosystem, and beautiful flowers bloomed in every direction, painting the ground in a myriad of colors.
Within this unblemished environment, many green and white motes of light could be seen. But if one was close enough to make out their features, they'd find bodies that were oddly humanoid.
The only difference was that these creatures had crystalline wings on their backs that fluttered with their every motion. They danced and frolicked in the air without a care in the world. And naturally, all these creatures were female.
As they danced and played, some of these creatures migrated through a certain area within the jungle, the air around them shimmering as they did so. It was as if they passed into another world.
And indeed, the changing of the scenery around them attested to this fact. Rather than the continuation of the beautiful jungle that should have been there, they entered an area filled with large fertile plains and beautiful architecture.
These buildings spanned for many kilometers, painting the sight of a beautiful city that was even bigger than the Star City that resided in the Celestial Star Sect.
The buildings in this city looked as if they were made of the most polished glass and marble, giving the illusion of complete transparency. Yet, oddly enough, no matter how hard one tried they wouldn't be able to see into these buildings.
And at the very end of this expansive city stood a palace that didn't lose out in the slightest to the one on Star Mountain. And while that palace gave off a mystical aura that enhanced its profundity, this one was more ethereal and lofty.
Lining the streets of this city, one could see women of all different origins. They chatted happily and enjoyed the safety of their home while going about their daily lives. Just like the ranks of those fairy-like creatures, there were no men among them.
This was the Supreme Fairy Paradise. It was a haven for women who wanted to be surrounded by their own, away from the struggles that plagued a patriarchal society.
This sect was actually one of the leading powers in abolishing that system, with women gaining great power that stands equal to those men at the top.
The Supreme Fairy Paradise actually had a very cordial relationship with the Celestial Star Palace, with both having a woman at their head and advocating for power to be given to those who earned it, regardless of gender.
At this point in the Cloud Plane's history, women didn't suffer as much when it came to this sort of problem, as many capable women have risen through the ranks and proven their qualifications, but in the grand scheme, there were still many problems to be solved.
The number of fairies and jade beauties among the ranks of the Supreme Fairy Paradise wasn't small at all. After all, beauty didn't come accompanied by status.
Those whose background couldn't protect them from those young masters of larger clans always migrated towards places like this sect, gaining them protection as well as a place to gain strength for themselves.
Personal strength always mattered more than background, and this was the main goal of most who joined this sect.
Of course, being a major sect, not everyone within it was there for such noble reasons. Some were simply progressing their own selfish agendas, as was the norm in the Cloud Plane.
Within one of the beautiful crystalline buildings in the city, two women could be seen holding conversation.
They both had looks that rivaled the top beauties in the sect, yet they had only recently joined. One had blue hair and matching eyes, while the other had pink hair and ruby eyes.
Their features were defined through many years of training, and the muscle they had built through combat only served to heighten their natural beauty.
The disciple examination for the Supreme Fairy Paradise took place in another random location, with those who passed being teleported to the sect afterward via artifact.
Its contents weren't anything special, almost mirroring that of the Celestial Star Palace with only a few changes. It was natural considering the relationship the two sects had.
As for Rose and Elena, they were easily able to pass. Especially when they worked together, not many of the new cultivators entertaining the sect stood a chance.
"We've been here for a few weeks already, but we haven't done anything eventful. I was really hoping I could advance to 3rd class soon." Elena said with a sigh.
"You can't be blamed for this, though. The sect elders have been using this time to observe the newest batch of disciples and choose who they wish to foster." Rose comforted.
"That's true…I heard it's not just our sect that's doing this. There must be something big coming around the horizon."
"Right, there's also that secret realm entrance that is supposed to take place. There must be some sort of event after that which requires a lot of talented people."
Unlike the Celestial Star Palace who kept their motives hidden, the Supreme Fairy Paradise was quite open with their disciples about the elders' decisions and discussions.
 Naturally, there was a reason for this. As the name implies, the sect was much more secluded from worldly affairs compared to the other 4 great sects. 
The women in the sect rarely left its confines, and although there were certain rules in place enforcing this, it was mainly due to their own decisions.
"How about we take a mission, then?" Rose suddenly suggested.
Elena fell into thought. Missions here worked in a similar way to those in the Celestial Star Palace, and they were some of the only opportunities the women of the sect had to leave its premises.
"Yeah, a mission would be best right now. However, we know nothing about the world yet. Let's just take some mid-level missions for beast hunting so I can catch up to you guys."
Rose nodded. This was her goal as well. She had been viewing Elena as a rival since their first battle before infiltrating Niflheim, but they were never truly able to compete.
This was because Elena hadn't reached Rose's level yet. No matter how hard she tried, in a serious competition, she wouldn't stand a chance.
It was simply the difference in league that a class change brought. Although it wasn't too defined between 2nd and 3rd class, it was still a qualitative change.
Making this decision, the girls promptly left their residence and headed for the mission hall.



Chapter 148 Supreme Fairy Paradise 2
Walking down the streets of the sect, the girls took their time to enjoy the view. The peaceful atmosphere here was something they particularly liked, and due to the fact that they had only recently joined the sect, they didn't have to worry about any conflict.
Not to mention, neither of them had accepted a master yet. It wasn't that they were picky about it or that no elder was interested in them, it was just that the number of geniuses who joined the sect during this disciple examination was too great.
This led the elders to take careful consideration of their choices of disciple. The competition was especially fierce. However, none of the girls fought each other during this vetting process. They didn't want to make a bad impression on their potential teachers.
When the girls reached the mission hall, they went straight to the section indicating mid-level missions. Rose didn't particularly need to partake in anything like this yet, but she wanted to support Elena.
The two had decided to stick together even when they were apart from Damien, who was the main connection point between them. They were stronger this way, and the bond they had forged in the almost full year they had known each other wasn't shallow.
While looking over the missions, however, they couldn't find anything interesting enough to grab their attention.
Kill a Tyrant Hawk and bring back its egg.
Location: Xuan Mountain Range
Strength required: Elemental Comprehension Realm
Reward: 300 Spirit Stones.
Kill a Venomous Eclipse Snake and bring back its poison sack.
Location: Xuan Mountain Range
Strength required: Core Formation Realm
Reward: 600 Spirit Stones.
The missions relating to beasts all had the same premise of killing the beast and bringing back a certain item or ingredient in its possession. While these were an easy source of spirit stones for them, it wasn't their goal.
Elena was infinitely close to reaching 3rd class, with her level being 95, but a single beast wouldn't do the job. Even if she could stay within the Xuan Mountain Range and hunt other beasts to reach her goal, she wanted to maximize the benefits.
Feeling curious, Elena went over to the section for major missions. These were much more riveting and even captured her excitement.
She saw some missions that had to do with overthrowing coupes and even saw the one Damien took in the Northern Continent to eliminate a wicked sect. However, these weren't the ones that caught her eye.
Aid the Yulong province in repelling a large beast tide plaguing its citizens.
Location: Yulong Province
Strength required: Core Formation Realm
Reward: 1000 Spirit Stones.
'A beast tide is perfect.' Elena thought. Not only would there be a plethora of experience for her to gain, but she would also get a much larger amount of spirit stones than any mid-level mission would provide.
Tearing the paper off the board, Elena met back up with Rose and showed it to her, who naturally had no reason to refuse.
"Alright, this mission will be taken by others as well, so we won't reserve it for you. However, your participation has been accepted. A fairy will accompany you as a guide, so be sure to meet her on your way out of the sect.
After getting the stamp of approval from a Mission Hall Elder, the girls left the premises.
The Supreme Fairy Paradise didn't just get its name from the all-women nature of the sect. It was also due to the fairies they shared their home with.
These fairies tended to be playful and carefree within the jungle area, but they were a completely different beast outside.
Their small stature and delicate appearance have fooled many a greedy cultivator who has tried to capture them, but their power wasn't a joke by any means.
The fairy race was inherently close with nature, and mana is as natural as one could get. Due to this, even the weakest fairies were created at the Elemental Comprehension Realm.
That's right, fairies weren't born, they were created. There was no way for a race that strictly bore females to conceive in the first place. Instead, fairies were born through natural accumulation of nature mana and plant life.
 For example, the fairies that shared their home with the Supreme Fairy Paradise were representatives of the towering trees that made up the jungle. 
Trees were odd beings even in a mana-filled world. Even plants could gain human form if they cultivated to the appropriate level, but it wasn't like that for trees.
They could gain sentience, but due to their unusual natural life span, the process was extremely slow. Besides that, trees were stationary and without the ability to gain experience naturally.
Plants could become carnivorous, or take advantage of the symbiotic relationship they had with animals and bugs to gain experience, however, trees didn't have this privilege.
Still, they were able to maintain their standing among the population of sentient flora due to their ability to project consciousness onto other beings. In this case, the fairy race became their representatives.
As the fairies grew in cultivation, the trees would grow with them, and as the trees passively absorbed mana and converted sunlight into mana, the fairies' mana pools would increase.
It was a true symbiotic relationship.
The Supreme Fairy Paradise also did what it could to protect the ecosystem that was cultivated in this jungle. It was the reason the entire place lacked beasts, the only creatures besides their population being regular animals.
The fairies weren't ungrateful, so they also helped the sect. With the relationship spanning since the origin of the sect, the bond these fairies had with the maidens of the sect was generally unbreakable.
There was even precedence of a maiden and fairy becoming close enough to form an equal contract like the one Damien and Zara had. In this way, they would become the closest one could be without sharing an intimate relationship.
Being guides and protectors for the disciples that left the sect was also something the fairies took upon themselves. The Core Formation and Expansion realm fairies tended to take this job, as the ones in the Law Connection and Law Sea stages actually had the option of gaining an elder or advisor position within the sect itself.
***
A day quickly passed by as the girls made their way to the entrance of the sect. Once there, a shining light rushed in front of them.
When the light died down a bit, the figure within was revealed. This small fairy had shining blonde hair and green eyes, almost looking like a miniaturized elf.
"Hello, girls! My name is Dia!" The fairy said while happily fluttering around them.
"The mana around you is so excited! You must be special people!"
The girls couldn't help but smile, infected by her cheerful attitude.
"My name is Rose and this is Elena, we'll be happy to work with you on this mission."
Día smiled happily as they continued talking, leaving the premises of the sect. However, they didn't end up in the same jungle, instead being teleported to a random location.
As the girls continued chatting with Dia, they made their way to the location of the beast tide.



Chapter 149 Coincidence? 1
The waves of the Cloud Sea ebbed and flowed peacefully, seemingly unperturbed by the countless struggles and fights taking place under its surface. Occasionally, the scaly or smooth backs of the beasts that reside within it would peak out before once again submerging.
However, the calm environment was soon broken by two streaks of light, one black and the other red, speeding across the air above it. The powerful auras they emitted caused the waves to tumble tumultuously, but they were long gone by the time it happened.
Currently, Damien and Long Chen had almost reached the shores of the Northern Continent, having traveled for many days without rest. This wasn't a problem for Zara, and apparently, Long Chen's beast felt the same.
Damien had only found out about it on the day of their departure, but it should've been obvious considering how his partner on this mission was the scion of one of the four great clans.
He had a Draconic beast that looked like a fire-attribute variant of the sea dragon he met when he was first crossing the Cloud Sea. Its species name wasn't as presumptuous as the snake from before either.
Ironically, its given name was Little Flame.
As the two men and their beasts continued moving across the expansive sea, the outline of a massive landmass came into their view.
The Western Continent Damien first appeared in was covered in vast plains and deserts with sandy shores, the Central Continent had cliffs and an array of different terrains, and as for this Northern Continent, it was covered in a blanket of white.
Snow as far as the eye could see, with the shore being more of an icecap than anything else. This was the first impression of the northern continent.
It didn't take long for the two to land on the white plains and take a small break after their long journey.
"The Shentian province is much farther inland than this. According to the map from our disciple tokens, it should take another 3 days travel at this pace to reach it." Long Chen said as he surveyed the surroundings.
As someone from the Central Continent, not to mention one of its top powers, he had never felt the need to leave its ground. This was the first time he had ever left, and the first time he had seen snow before. It was obvious that he would take a moment to admire it.
"3 more days isn't a problem for us. But we should hurry in case the raid already started. If we miss it, we might automatically fail this mission." Damien mentioned.
Along with the general details of the mission, they received information that the Shen clan that ruled the Shentian province was executing a raid on the Beguiled Devil Sect soon, however, no specific date was mentioned.
If the raid started before they arrived and the wicked sect extermination was completed, they traveled all this way for nothing.
"Zara, can you continue?" Damien asked with concern. She had been flying for over a week without pause already, and he didn't want to push her too far. Not to mention, she might have to fight in the upcoming raid.
However, Zara was quick to ease his concerns. "Mm! I can even fly for weeks without getting tired!" She exclaimed while raising her head, trying to look tough.
Damien chuckled a bit but nodded his head anyway. "Alright, since the strongest wolf in the world can fly for so long, I don't need to be worried."
Seeing that Long Chen had also mounted his beast once more, Damien gave the okay and they once again set off flying.
***
Meanwhile, Rose and Elena also arrived at their destination.
The Yulong province was closer to the eastern coast of the Central Continent, under the jurisdiction of the Long Clan. However, the Long Clan controlled too much area to personally oversee every province, so they delegated the duty to their subordinate clans.
 As for this region, it was managed by the Wang Clan.
The Yulong province itself was nothing special, with similar scenery to the other areas around it. The eastern region of the continent was mostly plains and forests, which was why it was plagued by beast tides more often than others.
The current tide was centered around Jia City, near the edges of the province. This city directly bordered one of the massive forests, which made it something akin to a first stronghold against the constant tides that would exit.
As for the source of the tides, nobody was able to figure it out. Many 3rd class beasts would partake in the stampede, making it obvious that those in the same class would die if they tried to investigate.
And this notion was further solidified by the fact that any 3rd class individual who entered the forest always failed to return.
As for 4th class beings, they had bigger priorities than things like this. Beast tides were too common and had a various number of factors that could trigger them, so it was pointless to investigate any specific area.
Rose and Elena materialized outside the gates of Jia City with the help of their fairy companion, Día, and directly entered its walls.
With their robes as Supreme Fairy Paradise disciples, no other identification was needed. After all, impersonating one of the 5 major sects was nothing more than courting death.
Once they entered the city, however, the first thing that greeted them was the smell of blood. It was thicker and more pungent than anywhere else they'd been but a single place, the Niflheim research center.
Actually, the feeling of familiarity between these two places didn't end there. The cultivators that tended to their wounds on the sides of the roads had clear indications of corrosion on their skin, and the smell of blood slowly became infected with something else as well.
"I have a bad feeling about this," Elena said as she warily glanced around. This mission might have been classified as a major one, but this sort of environment wasn't something the sect would usually send their disciples into without warning them first.
In fact, even Día looked slightly perturbed. Her nose wrinkled at the smell in the atmosphere and disgust was evident on her face as she glanced around.
Luckily enough, she was small enough to go unnoticed by those around her.
Rose narrowed her eyes as she observed the surroundings. Unlike the other two who simply had a faint feeling, it was different for her.
A cultivator's intuition couldn't be ignored. With the heightening of their league with every rank up, even something like intuition always stemmed from a foundation of immense perception ability.
But nothing was absolute without proof. Proof which presented itself in the form of ethereal strings in Rose's vision.
Red strings were love, blue strings were trust, yellow strings were wariness, and grey strings were neutral. These were the main colors that Rose would see on a day-to-day basis.
But in her vision right now, it was a field of black. Black strings that connected to every wounded cultivator in the vicinity and led to an unknown place.
She hadn't seen these black strings enough to be certain about their purpose, but she had a faint guess.
These black strings…they were death.



Chapter 150 Coincidence? 2
"Welcome to our Dalia City."
It didn't take long after Damien and Long Chen arrived at the city for someone to come greet them. Unlike the situation on the girls' side, everything here was still tame.
As the two men arrived further towards the center of the continent, the snowy plains gave way to a more mountainous region filled with large landmarks of ice.
These natural landmarks were shaped in such unique formations that they truly seemed man-made, but it was clear that it wasn't the case.
As for the cities in this region, most of them were built into the rough mountain terrain or within the safety of the deep valleys between them.
The Northern Continent was subject to a perpetual winter as well as winds that further decreased the cold, making it difficult for mortals to live here.
As for those that did, they came from tribes or lineages that evolved over time to be accustomed to cold. Due to this, the population of this continent tended to have a more rugged and muscular build, regardless of age and gender.
Even the woman in front of the two men at the moment was packed with muscle and boasted a height similar to theirs. Still, these features didn't ruin her beauty.
After a small introduction, the woman led the two to a large building in the center of the city where the Lord of the province resided.
When they arrived, they noticed that there was already a large crowd formed. These people had various different uniforms indicating the powers they came from, making it clear that help wasn't only requested from the Central continent.
However, the two of them were the only people present from the 5 major sects. The others were from various smaller powers. Even the beasts that stayed next to them indicated this fact.
From the front door of the residence, a large man walked out. He was essentially a giant, being roughly 7 feet tall with a body that would put those strongest men on earth to shame.
He wore a cloak and pants that seemed to be made from the hide of some beast, but even these couldn't hide the massive muscles beneath them.
This man was Shen Li, the patriarch of the Shen clan.
"Good evening everyone. Let me start by saying, thank you for your willingness to help our Shentian province in its time of need."
His voice was booming, not even needing mana amplification to reach the ears of everyone present. He continued with light pleasantries for a few minutes before his face became serious.
"In recent times, the Beguiled Devil Sect has become more and more brazen. Not only that, their disciples seem to be crazed.
"It isn't a matter of sustenance nor greed that seems to drive them, but pure insanity and primal desire. Before, our Shen clan did what we could to quell them but didn't exterminate the source, fearing the repercussions that would come with such actions, but now we can no longer hesitate."
Before coming, Damien already knew that the reason the Beguiled Devil Sect was allowed to exist was due to the selfishness of those who ruled the region, but it seemed he had slightly misjudged.
Although conservation of forces and not wanting to lose power were indeed selfish reasons, Damien expected it to be some sort of scheme rather than a blatant action.
 Shen Li's upfront acceptance of these actions painted him in a new light not just to Damien, but to many others in the crowd as well.
Schemes and ploys were common in a world where strength is king. Greed for power and status was a natural thing. However, most would rather die than lose face by admitting to it.
Shen Li seemed the opposite. He admitted it with confidence and still stood by his decisions, showing no ulterior motives in his admittance.
The Northern Continent was the most separated from the other 4 when it came to cultures. It was the only one that had to deal with the harshness of perpetual freezing.
The number of beasts here was much lower than any other continent, and those that did live in this harsh environment were much more powerful than those who didn't.
Due to this, food supply wasn't something easy to have. Neither was raising an army of powerful warriors.
Most conflicts in this continent were between humans for various reasons, but at the end of the day, they amounted mainly to power struggles and overpopulation.
Shen Li's decision was selfish, true, but his selfishness didn't come from greed or personal benefit. Being a good leader in such an environment forced one to partake in such actions.
Not many had the information to come to this conclusion, so only a minor amount of respect was earned, but for Damien and Long Chen who came from such a prestigious institution, how could they not know?
Both of them have deep looks toward Shen Li, paying much closer attention as he continued his speech.
"The Beguiled Devil Sect is a mid-level power like ours, so it's sure to have at least one Law Connection realm expert at its head, maybe even more. Unfortunately, we've never seen the Sect Master in person.
"However, it matters not. My people will join this raid with all of you, so it should be more than possible to finish it off.
"Causalities are all but guaranteed in an operation like this, but as long as we move with purpose, we should be able to minimize the damages.
"And since none of us know or trust each other well enough to have synergy, let us operate on one simple rule. Don't get in each other's way.
"The raid will take place in 2 days' time, so make any preparations you need before then. After that, we meet again at the South Gate of the city. I will see you all then."
With his final words, Shen Li returned to his residence, leaving a crowd full of hushed whispers in his wake.
"I guess we have two days to kill. Any plans?" Damien asked as he turned to Long Chen.
"None," he shook his head, "none of these people are worthy to form relationships with, so any talk is unneeded. I will take rest for the next two days as I wait."
Damien nodded, but a slight grin began to form on his face. "Hmm, would you rather rest, or finish what we started during the disciple examination?"
Long Chen's eyes flashed as he recalled that fight. It didn't take long for his fighting spirit to start burning. "Very well. However, we are on someone else's territory right now, so we hold back, unlike the last time."
Damien quickly agreed. He didn't want to pass out for another 3 days anyway. It was such a hassle to wake up after an incident like that.
He had experienced it twice already since he arrived here, and he didn't plan to experience it again:
With them having made an agreement, they quickly left to the outskirts of the city to begin their rematch. This time, with a much lighter tone than before.



Chapter 151 Rank Up 1
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
Thunderous footsteps and a fierce cacophony of roars shook the walls of the fortress as countless beasts charged out of the forest. Beasts of all types charged without discrimination, intense bloodlust leaking from their bodies.
The eyes of these beasts contained a maddening light, some even showing a hint of unwillingness that would go unnoticed by everyone present. Still, they charged without care.
They stampeded over each other, even killing fellow beasts in the process. Some even turned outright and began devouring their brethren as they charged the thick metal walls they were approaching.
The scene was truly chaotic.
From the top of the fortress walls, two women watched this scene play out.
"Do you think we can work safely within a tide like that?" The blue-haired woman asked.
"It's no problem. My illusions should be perfect for this kind of situation." A pink-haired woman responded.
After they entered Jia City, the girls were almost immediately thrust into action. Barely anyone paid attention to them, simply pointing them towards the location they should be situated and leaving them be.
And only an hour or two later, another beast ride approached.
The process of events was rapid to the point where Rose wasn't able to examine the black strings she saw on the cultivators, and Elena was also forced to suppress the nagging feeling in her heart.
As the tide appeared closer to the city, a booming voice rang out, attracting the attention of every able fighter in the vicinity. "Alright! No time for talk! Everyone charge!"
A wave of elemental attacks flew into the coming tide, with many cultivators equipped with a variety of weapons following close after. Among these were Rose and Elena.
However, unlike the others, they didn't attack head-on. At speeds faster than sound, they arrived in the middle of the beast tide before descending rapidly.
Boom!
The impact of their descent crushed a few beasts below them and forced the others to scatter. But Rose wouldn't allow them to get away.
"Illusory Throne."
The world became grey and a massive dome trapped all beasts within a 100-meter radius within it. However, the beasts were none the wiser. Even the cultivators outside had no idea this was happening.
 "Go wild. I should be able to hold this domain for many hours without rest." Rose said, encouraging Elena.
Elena gave her a deep look before charging into the crowd. Her body became a streak of light and in the next second, howls of pain could be heard from the beasts.
Shiiing!
The sound of a blade being drawn resounded through the domain and following it, ten beasts were immediately bisected.
Without hesitation, Elena moved to her next target. Taking one hand off of her katana, she waved it towards her back, causing golden-white ropes of light to bind a beast that was charging her.
But she ignored it, continuing her forward charge. Behind her, those ropes tightened around the beast, the light it was created from burning through its body until it was eventually diced into mincemeat.
A group of 10 more beasts suddenly pounced at her from every direction, while a flying beast dove down to ambush her. Facing this barrage, Elena stayed calm. Luckily enough, all the beasts she had fought so far were at 2nd class, allowing her to blaze through them.
"Yggdrasil."
Hundreds of thick tree roots exited the ground and surrounded her in a protective field, growing into a towering tree. The tree reached half a kilometer in height, which would have been a sight to behold if anyone else on the battlefield could see it.
The attacks of those beasts landed on the trunk of the tree, causing only light scratches, and that flying beast was skewered by the tree as it formed.
Once the trunk had branched out, Elena's voice resounded once more. Her words fell onto the ears of even those rampaging beasts, causing them to look in her direction. Her voice was like a melody that attracted them to its source.
"Call of Life."
Every beast within Rose's domain found a new target within the massive tree. Previously, they were attacking randomly, some not even having opponents. However now, they had a unified cause.
Find whatever was in the center of that tree.
It was truly a sight to behold. The sky was almost blotted out with the number of aerial beasts, the ground was a sea of darkness cast by the shadows of those running. And at the center of it all, a beautiful tree emanating a wondrous aura of life.
As the battle continued without pause, Rose had been slightly increasing the size of her barrier, trapping more beasts. Like this, the number only increased instead of decreasing, providing Elena with a steady source of experience.
As for the danger that would come if Elena ran out of mana? There was none. Everything happening was within Rose's palm, and all the beasts so far were weak enough to be crushed by a single move from her.
In earth terms, she had built an Exp farm for Elena's convenience. As for her, she simply sat back on the illusory throne that only she could see and watched the events in amusement.
On Elena's side, the sea of beasts had finally reached her tree. The branches extended, becoming akin to massive whips that maneuvered through the crowd below her and bisected everything in their path. As for the aerial beasts…
"Judgement."
A familiar skill was cast as a beam of light left Elena's body and shot into the sky. It transformed into tens of swords, showcasing her progress after her first fight with Rose, and charged into the crowd of beasts flying towards her.
"SKREE!"
Screeches of pain rang out, but they were drowned by the cacophony forming below. The swords of light in the sky continued unhindered, slicing many birds and winged reptiles into shreds. And on the ground, those beasts were being crushed into meat paste.
It was a symphony of death, with blood spilling wantonly and assorted body parts flying through the air. Oddly enough, though, not a single drop landed on Elena.
Well, that part could be considered a small gift from Rose.
Slowly but surely, the sounds of roaring and stampedes died down, leaving only a single tree standing within the grey world.
The ground was painted red, the massive tree was green, and the sky itself was grey. It was truly a beautiful contrast. However, the silence was quickly interrupted.
"Grrrr"
A low growl could be heard within the domain as a single beast walked forward proudly. It was a massive lion with two pristine wings on its back. Its mane was billowing even without a breeze as if it was blessed by the wind.
"Human, I cannot say I do not understand the reason for your actions, but you do not understand ours either. Regardless of wrong or right, you must die today." A deep and hollow voice left the mouth of the lion. Its aura was released wildly, clearly outlining its strength.
It was a mid-level 3rd class beast, perhaps even higher level than Rose.



Chapter 152 Rank Up 2
Elena glared at the beast with apprehension, unsure if she could take it on. She was able to fight Rose successfully during their spar, but neither of them were aiming to kill that time.
This time, her opponent was leaking bloodlust greater than any she had ever faced, assuring her that losing meant death.
However, even with the presence and aura of a beast seemingly in the Core Expansion realm, the grey world around them didn't break.
'If that's the case, then Rose should have the situation under control.'
And just as she thought, a voice suddenly rang in her head.
"How far are you from your class change?"
Checking her status, Elena smiled. "Not even 1000 exp. This kill should be more than enough."
From her position on her throne, Rose slightly nodded. With such a small amount of experience left, Elena only needed to land the fatal blow on the beast to level up.
"I'll take this one. When you see an opportunity, go for the kill."
Although she was slightly hesitant, Elena relented. Her main goal at the moment was just that, a rank up. The grey world made her forget, but the beast tide was still raging around them. After leveling up, she'd be able to fight stronger beasts as she pleased.
The massive tree Elena was standing on slowly receded back into the ground, it's vines and roots untangling. The swords of light around her turned into particles before merging with the surroundings.
As for Elena herself, she jumped back and made a good amount of distance from the opposing beast.
"Hmm?" The lion was confused by her actions, but didn't think much of it. Making distance was a normal move, especially in combat with a much stronger opponent.
However, he immediately became wary when the air in front of him coalesced into another figure who radiated an aura that was only slightly weaker than his own.
"Isn't it a little rude to pick on someone weaker than you? How about you get past me first."
Rose didn't speak anymore before initiating combat. She raised her hand, causing tens of bladed weapons to shoot up from the ground under the lion.
Whoosh!
The lion took to the air, narrowly dodging before opening its mouth and letting out a thunderous roar.
Light green mana raged in the atmosphere before turning into multiple tornadoes that charged towards Rose.
"A wind affinity? Just like me." She said as she formed her own tornadoes to match.
The two sets of wind element attacks met and diffused each other, causing the ground beneath them to shred into dust particles.
While the lion prepped for another attack, it suddenly felt pain in its side. "Huh?" It uttered before realizing that one of its wings had been severed.
"H-how?!"
He hadn't felt felt any movement of mana nor any threat before it happened, only realizing it after the action had already taken place.
Before he could think further, he felt the same pain on the adjacent side as his other wing fell to the ground.
"I guess you thought highly of yourself before coming here. Well, I'm a kind person so let me explain. You are in my domain. My word is law. Simple, right?"
From the start, there was no competition. Any being even close to Rose in strength was completely subject to her will within her illusory throne domain. It was the reason why the concept of domains was largely feared.
Unless one had their own domain to fight it, it was nigh impossible to win if the strength of both sides was even.
"Y-you!" The lion stuttered as fear began to overrun him. However, regardless of how he tried to flee, he found himself unable to move.
"Elena, the rest is up to you." With those words, Rose once again vanished.
Elena watched the scene in awe, realizing how vast the gap between them was. It wasn't raw power, rather it was a difference in comprehension.
Shaking her head, she rid herself of stray thoughts. Still, she felt a bit competitive.
"Purify."
Mana gushed out of her body in droves, becoming a wave of light that crashed through the surroundings, illuminating the grey world.
The golden-white sea continued unimpeded before crashing into the lion and swallowing it whole.
The light attribute mana seeped into the lion's body, infecting his being with its color. Slowly but surely, he was purified into the most prime form of essence. He wasn't even able to release a sound as he died.
As she watched this scene, Elena saw a series of holographic screens cloud her vision.
Your achievements have reached the required threshold to change your class. Choose a new class from the list below.
Choose a class
1. Sword Saint
2. Prime Saintess
3. Valkyrie
4. Nymph
Elena took her attention away from the receding sea of light and contemplated her options. The first two were immediately ruled out, as she had no interest in following either path. As for which of the last two to choose, she had to think further.
Valkyries were geared towards war, and in the legends, they dominated battlefields and led deceased souls to the afterlife.
As for Nymphs, they were something akin to the embodiment of nature. Although she was sure this path would grant her immense power, it wasn't one geared towards fighting, which was her strong suit.
Making her decision, she picked her class.
You have become a Valkyrie. Valkyries are warriors who paint battlefields red with the blood of their enemies. Though you walk a path of bloodshed, you strive to remain pure of heart.
The souls of the deceased recognize your intentions, calling out to you. Your existence becomes closer to death, increasing your battle prowess. Your legends have been enhanced.
By becoming a 3rd class being, you have obtained the qualifications to choose a subclass.
Choose a subclass
1. Saintess
2. Enchantress
3. Alchemist
4. Blacksmith
5. Beast Tamer
Subclasses were an odd concept as they didn't seem to aid much considering the power of main classes, but they did help keep and enhance some abilities that might be discarded with the change of class.
Due to this, she chose Saintess. Her healing capability was something she deemed necessary, especially if anything untoward happens to Damien or Rose.
While she basked in the information that entered her mind and the elevation of her league, Elena opened her status.
'Status'
Status
Elena Pierce
Human
Female - Age 21
Level 100 - Valkyrie
Experience value: 0150,000
Title(s): NA
Affinities: Light, Life
Physique: None
 Magic Power: 14000
STR: 300
AGI: 315
DEF: 290
INT: 300
DEX: 320
Skills: High-Level Recovery Level 2, Holy Magic Level Max, Life Magic Level Max, Mid-Level Regeneration Level 8, Sword Mastery Level 7, Judgement Level Max, Call of Life Level 7, Souls of Valhalla Level 1
Elena smiled wholeheartedly. She had finally reached 3rd class, becoming an existence on the same level as Damien and Rose. Perhaps their levels were ahead of hers at the moment, but as long as she tried, it wouldn't be hard to catch up.
Looking to her left, she noticed a figure appearing from the air.
"Congratulations!" Rose said cheerfully. She was also genuinely excited for Elena's progress.
However, Elena merely smiled as she looked at the scene outside of the grey world for the first time. The battle between humans and beasts was becoming more and more ferocious as time passed.
"Mm, this is definitely something to celebrate, but we can do that later. For now, I'm itching to test my new power."



Chapter 153 Devil Worshippers 1
2 days passed in a flash for the outside forces staying in Dalia City and the sun slowly rose once more to signify the day of the raid.
Currently, Damien and Long Chen stood in the midst of a crowd of cultivators as they waited at the South Gate of the city.
Their wait didn't last long, however, as a massive flying beast landed at the front of their ranks. On its back stood the valiant figure of Shen Li draped in his usual beast hide cloak.
"The time of our raid starts now. When we reach the destination, question nothing and leave none alive. This is our only mission."
He had already given his extended speech two days ago, so there was nothing left to say. With these final words, his flying beast took off into the distance, followed by the crowd of cultivators.
The journey wasn't long at all, taking only a day to carry out, and throughout the whole thing, no nervousness could be felt. It was almost like they weren't going into a battle where many of them would die.
Instead, the atmosphere was filled with greed. The extinction of a sect didn't simply end there, instead, it was a gateway to more wealth. Usually, this wealth would be claimed by the ruling power in the area, but since they were directly participating, they might have a chance to squander some of it.
When Shen Li's beast came to a stop, it hovered over a large canyon in the midst of the snow-covered land. The direct contrast of abyssal black and pure white was truly a sight to see.
Within that canyon stood a small city that was painted in a red aura. It was similar to any other city in the Northern Continent when it came to architecture. Well, that was only if one didn't factor in the massive bloody mansion in its center.
Usually, the aura around the city would contain a clear and visceral scent of blood, as it was created by refining the blood of many beings, however, such a smell was faded.
The air still reeked, but of something much more putrid. As Damien descended into the canyon with the rest of the cultivators on the raid, he was immediately able to identify this smell.
'It's them again.'
Before even leaving earth with the elders of the Burning Sun Sect, he was aware that the threat of the Nox was also looming over the Cloud Plane. And though he wasn't surprised seeing something related to them, he was still taken back by how obvious it was.
It was as if they were making no attempts to hide their desire for conquest, blatantly provoking the people on the planet who knew of them. Still, Damien found it strange that in such a situation, talk about war wasn't more prominent.
And it wasn't even just that. The Beguiled Devil Sect itself was acting strange, as even with their obvious and unbidden descent into their territory, they didn't make a move.
'Something's not right.'
His intuition was screaming at him about the discontinuity between the currently calm atmosphere and the situation that should be taking place.
And he wasn't one to ignore his intuition.
Zara also understood his intentions, quickly pulling forward and staying at the front of the crowd, and Long Chen also followed.
Although he wasn't aware of Damien's reasoning, he had learned through their various spars that Damien wasn't someone to make stupid moves for no reason.
And quickly, his choice was proven right. Assorted yells started ringing out from the back of the crowd, and a loud shout shifted the entire mood of the group.
"Charge as fast as you can! Those who stay in the air will die!"
 Shen Li sped up, leaving the group behind and bypassing the red aura that surrounded the sect. Damien and Long Chen followed without thought as behind them, the screams became more jarring.
The red aura that covered the sect speedily approached the crowd of cultivators and entrapped them within. The red aura turned into a fog before entering the bodies of those it entrapped.
Any aura emitting from them was removed as their cultivation was seemingly sealed. But even with this, they remained suspended in the air.
Slowly, the fog that entered their bodies ate away at them from the inside, acting as a black hole that consumed all of their blood.
Those cultivators quickly became lifeless and mummified husks, dropping to the ground and crumbling into dust.
They had all died.
But Damien didn't have time to focus on that at the moment. As one of the few that made it through before the aura began its attack, he was able to witness the scene within the sect.
Bloodstains painted the walls of the many buildings in the small city and assorted body parts littered the ground. However, even these weren't intact. The body parts had clearly been corroded, and traces of a black ink-like substance could be seen on many of them.
Hundreds of cultivators slowly showed up, seemingly having passed through without being harmed by the aura, but their original number in the thousands had been drastically cut down.
"What the hell happened here?" One of them wondered out loud.
In the midst of the chilling silence that had come over the group, the man's voice was particularly loud, but nobody answered his question.
In fact, they were all wondering the same thing.
Their goal today was to exterminate a wicked sect, but it had already been done before they arrived.
But that didn't mean they could rejoice. From the pungent smell in the air, it was clear that the massacre that took place was extremely recent. Perhaps the one who committed it was still within the sect.
As Damien observed the surroundings, his eyes slightly flashed and a black mana entered his vision. If he had to describe it in one word, it would be death.
But it wasn't an aura or threat of death, it was mana that emanated the feeling of death itself. As he traced its source, Damien found himself staring directly at the center of the city.
The sound of low footsteps began ringing through the air before one pair became many, sounding more like a march of troops.
And slowly revealing themselves from within the blood-red mansion in the middle of the city was a group of humanoid beings.
They weren't necessarily Nox, as compared to the one Damien met in the temple their stature simply didn't match up, but they definitely weren't human.
Their skin was the color of midnight, and a slimy black substance dripped off of them with every movement.
The whites of their eyes were blue while their pupils were the same black as their skin. Many of them had mutations as well, ranging from extra limbs to demonic horns protruding from their bodies.
Hundreds of these strange beings soon emerged from the mansion.
At the forefront, there was a large man whose stature didn't lose out to Shen Li's in the slightest. He had cracked glasses on his face and long firey red hair that reached his waist.
Looking up at the crowd of cultivators in the sky, a large grin formed on his face.
"Well, well. It seems that the heavens have graced us with even more sustenance."



Chapter 154 Devil Worshippers 2
The man's voice was just as disconcerting as the rest of his appearance. If it had to be described, it was a mixture of nails scraping against a chalkboard and blatant pervertedness mixed into a single sound.
It was disgusting to hear.
"Who are you." Shen Li asked with a grim face. Regardless of whether these people slaughtered the Beguiled Devil Sect or not, they didn't seem to be friendly.
"Us? We are nothing special. Simply lowly beings who desire to spread word of our gods, nothing more." The large man responded. "As for me, you can call me Du Feng."
With the man's introduction, it became impossible to classify him as someone who invaded from another world. Besides the grotesque look he had, he resembled a person from the Northern Continent to the tee.
Shen Li's eyes narrowed as he thought of something. "You must be one of those damn Devil Worshippers I've been hearing so much about. From what I know, your sect is also a wicked power. For what reason do you move against others on your side?"
"On our side?" Du Feng laughed in ridicule, "our side is only those who are the same as us. The rest of you shall either submit to our gods or die a fool's death."
The crowd of 500 Devil Worshippers behind him released their auras, indicating that every single one of them was at Core Formation realm or above. As for Du Feng himself, he was at the peak of 3rd class.
"There is no more need for words. If you wish to talk more, you shall become one of us." Raising himself into the air, Du Feng shot at Shen Li like a speeding bullet.
Along with this, the rest of the cultivators also erupted with battle intent. Even in this unexpected situation, they knew they no longer had the option to flee.
The crimson fog stood behind them like a beast with its maw gaping and the battle in front of them seemed inevitable. If they let fear overcome them, they were bound to die.
Damien looked at Long Chen and gave a slight nod before hopping off Zara's back and charging at the approaching Devil Worshippers.
Boom-!
He immediately drew his sword, slamming it into the ground as he dropped. A huge shockwave erupted with him at its epicenter, catching many of the Devil Worshippers off guard.
The other cultivators present weren't dumb at all, taking advantage of the slight distraction to make their moves. With that, a fierce battle began.
With every being here at 3rd class, Damien couldn't slice through them effortlessly, but he could definitely take a couple of them at a time.
His sword became covered in crackling destructive lighting before vibrating fast enough to produce smoke. The lightning heated up and combined with the vibrating molecules to create a beam of plasma that coated Damien's sword.
Vanishing from his position, he appeared behind one of the Devil Worshippers closest to him and sliced his sword down.
"AGH!" The man let out a groan of pain noticing a deep gash on his arm but recovered quickly. "Haaa!" With a loud battle cry, be charged at Damien.
His nails elongated into small blades and slashed towards Damien's side, but were quickly parried by his sword. Even for a normal cultivator, the plasma sword would be hard to take barehanded. Not to mention someone with Nox traits.
Noticing his finger blades melting, the man took his arm away quickly before circling around Damien, looking for an opening to strike.
Noticing that the man was having trouble, 3 other Devil Worshippers came and surrounded Damien.
However, this only caused him to grin. "Gravity Lock."
The space around the 5 people solidified and formed a thick cage that none could bypass. When they tried, they felt their bodies being weighed down and borderline crushed by the pressure.
By the time they realized they couldn't escape, the Grim Reaper's chilling voice entered their ears. "Now that we're all here, how about we fight for real?"
***
Boom! Boom!
A few meters away, another fierce battle had erupted. 5 Devil Worshippers surrounded a single black-haired man but even with their combined might they couldn't do much harm to him.
The black slimy substance leaking from their pores was weaponized, becoming sharp projectiles that bombarded their opponent.
The shards were covered in that black mana that clouded the environment, and any time they made contact, they tried to corrode their target from the inside.
Many of the cultivators that were fighting the devil worshippers had already severed their own limbs to stop the spread of corruption.
'Nine Dragons soar through the heavens'
Pristine white mana coalesced below the feet of those devil worshippers and swept them away, consuming them whole. However, Long Chen found himself facing another barrage of attacks.
'Heavenly Cloud Steps'
He maneuvered through the crowds and used his refined sword skills to damage his enemies on his way. Whenever he saw an opportunity, he immediately went for the kill.
As he moved through the massive battle, he noticed a particular area that was mostly devoid of devil worshippers. The ones around that space seemed to fear it, trying their best not to be trapped within.
"Hahaha! Come on, you idiots! Is that all you got?" Roaring laughter thundered through the surroundings. Accompanying it, 5 mangled and lifeless bodies of devil worshippers exited that space from before.
Long Chen was well aware of who this voice belonged to, and it caused him to smile. He rushed in that direction, ignoring the apprehension of everyone else.
"Damien, I have yet to see what it's like when we fight together. How about we find out now?"
"Hmm?" The shimmering space slowly dissolved to show Damien's amused face and a ground littered with corpses.
"Fighting together, huh. Alright! Sounds fun."
Damien stood side by side with Long Chen and gazed upon the ongoing battle. Blood was wantonly spraying in the air as well as a black substance that imitated it.
Cultivators and devil worshippers were falling lifelessly in every direction, and unbeknownst to anyone, something strange was happening with their blood.
Those corpses that littered the ground slowly became husks as their blood was drained. For someone like Damien who could see the movement of mana as colors, he knew exactly where it was going.
In the air, two massive men stood facing each other. Even with the massive battle going on underneath them, they had hardly moved.
Yet, their clash had already begun. Their auras spread through the air wildly, meeting in the middle and causing visible sparks to form.
On one side, Shen Li was slowly releasing his own aura, seemingly much more powerful than anyone could have guessed. It was to the point where Du Feng's earlier show of power seemed like a joke.
But there were thin lines of blood that snaked through the air and entered his body in a concealed manner. Every time this blood came into contact with him, his aura and power were given a slight boost.
Looking at these two men, Damien realized something. 'He was a member of the Beguiled Devil Sect.'
In fact, most of these devil worshippers were most likely the same. The extinction of the sect wasn't done by some outside force, but from within their ranks.
 Still, Damien didn't feel the need to think about it right now. Grinning at Long Chen, he made a proposal.
"Whoever gets the least kills had to call the winner 'Boss' for an entire month. Deal?"
Long Chen's eyes flashed as his fighting spirit blazed. A wide grin slowly formed on his face. "Deal."
And with that, an unstoppable force was created on the battlefield.



Chapter 155 Devil Worshippers 3
The battlefield on the north side of the canyon was enveloped in a whirlwind of destruction.
Pillars of light burst forth from the ground, dragons made entirely of mana wreaked havoc among the devil worshippers, space distorted and swallowed those who couldn't avoid its grasp, and arcs of lightning incinerated those who were left behind.
In the middle of it all, Damien and Long Chen stood only a few meters apart, circling each other and attacking relentlessly without interfering with each other's momentum.
From the way they were fighting together, it would seem as if they had been doing so for years. Not one person would guess that this level of synergy was born from only a handful of spars against each other.
Seeing how terrifying their prowess was, many more devil worshippers ram towards them to help their suffering comrades out of such a perilous situation, but to no avail.
Any attack they threw would start rapidly losing speed when it entered a 10-meter radius of the duo and those that somehow made it passed that barrier were returned to their senders with even more force than they originally had.
Slowly but surely, the number of 500 or so devil worshippers was cut down to a little over 300, with most of the work being the contribution of Damien and Long Chen.
Noticing that they were on the final stretch, the duo looked at each other and grinned. Damien expanded his vector field to keep out any interference before inhaling mana into his throat.
As for Long Chen, he thrust his sword into the ground, causing a golden dragon larger than any other he had produced thus far to appear.
The duo stood back to back, and without another second of delay, released massive beams of dragon's breath using their own methods.
They directed their attacks in half circles, causing the entire 360° radius around them to be filled with beams of scorching light. One was bitch black while the other was gold, but they worked in tandem to destroy a common foe.
The number of devil worshippers who survived the massive attack was even less than before, making it much easier for the other cultivators who had joined the raid to kill their enemies.
***
In the air above the raging battlefield, the two leaders stood opposite each other, watching the scene with indifference painting their expressions.
"Your people are dying. Do you not plan to help them?" Shen Li inquired.
"If their deaths can further our cause, they should die happily. Otherwise, they are useless." Du Feng responded.
Shen Li glared at this opponent that he couldn't read whatsoever, but soon gave up on having any sort of peaceful interaction.
"How about we take our battle out of this canyon. Its destruction doesn't mean anything good for either of us." Shen Li proposed.
Du Feng thought for a second before nodding. He didn't desire the needless sacrifice of his people, as they still had more use.
The two leaders flew out of the canyon, uninhibited by the bloody fog that killed so many cultivators on their way in. Shortly after, massive earthquakes shook the entire region of the Northern Continent.
***
It didn't take more than 2 hours after Damien and Long Chen's combined assault began for the raid group to completely wipe out the devil worshippers they were facing.
The bottom of the canyon was filled with black blood and slime from the lifeless corpses that littered the ground. Even the corpses of the cultivators had been corroded and corrupted by the liquids.
As a light silence and an aura of relief swept the crowd, they finally felt the massive rumbles of the earth that had been drowned out by their own battle.
Peering up at the sky above, they were able to notice bright flashes of light and dispersing mana, clear signs that another intense fight was taking place.
As Damien tried to understand the course of the battle on the surface, Zara approached him from behind and stood next to him. She had also been fighting on her own throughout this battle, consuming her enemies to enhance her strength.
"Damien, something feels weird about those people." She transmitted into his head. She didn't want to talk in front of such a large crowd, especially about things they didn't need to hear.
 It could be said that Zara was maturing on her own while Damien continued to blaze his path forward. Even if she was still plenty innocent, it wasn't near as much as before.
Damien ran his hand through her silky fur as he urged her to continue. "What kind of weird?"
"They felt familiar somehow," she answered, "like I've met them before somewhere."
"Hmm," Damien pondered. "Maybe it's because of the Nox we met in Apeiron. Well, we can think about it deeply later and figure it out."
Zara nodded lightly before returning back to his shadow. Inwardly, she was genuinely happy that he didn't discard the weird feeling she was having as some one-time occurrence.
Turning to Long Chen, a slight grin formed on Damien's face. "How many?"
"Including the dragon's breath, my total is 112. And you?"
Damien's grin widened even more. "123."
Long Chen's face soured quickly hearing the number, and even after checking with Little Flame, who had been watching the entire fight, he couldn't find any discrepancies.
"Damn it." He cursed. The mischievous grin on Damien's face didn't help his situation one but.
"Anyway, should we head up and see what's going on up there?" Long Chen mentioned, trying to change the subject.
But Damien wouldn't let him off so easily. "Hm? I feel like you just said something but for some reason, I didn't hear it. Mind repeating yourself?"
Long Chen's face began to burn in shame. Not once had he, the scion of the Long clan, been forced into a situation like this.
"Should we go check on the situation on the surface, B-b-boss." He finally said through clenched teeth, stumbling a bit to get the words out of his mouth.
"Hahahaha!" Damien roared with laughter. "That's right, I'm your boss now!"
When he noticed the strange looks they were getting from the other cultivators in the room, his laughter only became more rambunctious.
Putting his arm around Long Chen's shoulder, he raised his voice so the others could hear him.
"Everyone! This right here is the scion of the Long clan in the Central Continent, Long Chen! And as of today, I, Damien Void, am his boss! Hahahaha!"
Long Chen wanted to push Damien away, but at this point, anything he did would be used against him.
He glared hatefully at Damien while vowing that one day he would repay this grievance. Not just in kind, but tenfold. He even began brainstorming the different punishments he could have Damien do.
While they were joking around, the rest of the raid force also generally recuperated enough to leave their area. Not to mention, the rumbling and quaking of the earth around them had only become more pronounced as time passed.
Those who had beasts mounted them while the rest flew to the skies with their own power. Just like with their leader, the bloody fog didn't impede their ascent.
The most likely scenario was that it had to be activated manually.
And as the group finally reached the precipice of the canyon, their eyes became focused on a scene of devastation.



Chapter 156 Coincidence? 3
On the northern coast of the central continent, there was a fortress bordering a large forest. For the past week, this fortress had been drowned in the sounds of roars and thunderous battle, but as of this moment, it had all died down.
However, the end of the beast tide which would usually bring joy and celebration didn't do so. Instead, there was only stifling silence.
The eyes of the cultivators present, which would usually be greedily eyeing the countless beast corpses littering the ground, were all glued on a single woman.
Her shoulder-length blue hair flowed in the wind and her eyes had a sharpness that made it so nobody dared to approach her. However, this wasn't the only reason.
Surrounding the woman were 8 figures draped in majestic white armor that radiated holiness, yet the eyes of these figures were hollow, filled with a burning white flame that showcased their intelligence.
The armored figures were all in pairs.
Two with massive swords over 3 meters long, two with bows taller than the average human and shining quivers of arrows, two with heavy spears whose weight alone caused the earth to crack, and two whose figures were lean and carried short daggers that didn't lose out in majesty to the others.
The sword and spear-wielding figures were mounted atop armored steeds that looked like a mix between horses and birds while the other 4 were standing on their own feet.
However, the most glaring fact was that each of these figures who were radiating the aura of a peak Core Formation realm expert were now kneeling in front of that very same blue-haired woman.
Usually, a group of Core Formation realm experts such as this was not a sight to behold, and anyone would assume that the woman in question simply had a powerful background. But the cultivators present knew the truth.
Halfway through the final wave, this woman suddenly appeared in the middle of the beast tide and called out three words that radiated power.
"Souls of Valhalla."
The area around her was painted in pristine white light as an ancient formation etched itself onto the ground. In the next instant, these 8 figures appeared.
After that, it was a bloodbath. The massive weapons of the armored figures wreaked havoc upon the beasts, causing massive explosions and damage that was reminiscent of a minefield.
They swept the battlefield with unprecedented synergy, moving without care for their lives. Whenever they were injured, they were bathed in green mana with a heavy life aura until they regained their peak state.
And even while they were being healed, they continued to fight. The white flames that lit up their empty eye sockets burned brighter with every kill, reveling in the feeling of battle.
The force of these 8 Core Formation experts was greater than that of the rest of the cultivators combined, and it was all due to that blue-haired girl they had seen.
She stood in the rear, seemingly in awe at her own abilities, as she watched her summons blaze through her enemies. And the tide itself ended only hours after their descent.
Currently, Elena was observing the beings she called forth with her new skill. Their existence was contradictory, radiating an aura of both holiness and death, but their power was even greater than her own.
When Elena chose to become a Valkyrie, she expected the class to be an upgrade of her 2nd class. She didn't expect that she'd legitimately gain a connection to the place called Valhalla.
And she could tell that she truly did. These beings were, as the skill proclaimed, the souls of Valhalla. They were warriors of the past who lived and died on the battlefield. And now, they had become her personal army.
She could only summon 8 of them at the moment, but she could firmly feel the connection she had with an unknown Plane of existence.
It was a connection through which she felt she could call upon many more warriors, perhaps even building her own legion once she was strong enough to do so.
In the distance, Rose and Día, who had reappeared now that the combat had ended, were also watching in shock. Rose had been fully expecting Elena to receive massive boosts after her class change, but this simply felt too exaggerated.
With that kind of combat power, she couldn't be sure if even she would win in a fight. And that was if she was going all out with her illusions. In a pure upfront confrontation? Rose was assured of her loss.
But this wasn't discouraging for her. The threat she felt from Elena drove her competitive spirit and gave her a new drive to improve. Her rival surpassing her simply wasn't something she would allow.
As for Día, she could barely fathom the two monsters she had been tasked to protect. With this kind of prowess, was she even needed? It had to be known that the two of them were still concealed by Rose's illusions to the point where not even the strongest beings on the premises could sense them.
'I have to tell the Sect Master about these two asap.' She thought to herself. With the secret realm opening and massive changes on the horizon, two monstrous talents like them were imperative to the sect. Her only regret was that they had only recently joined.
If their growth had been fostered since the beginning…Dia could only imagine the results. However, it was unknown what she would think when she realized that both of them had only been truly gaining power for less than a decade.
As the crowd watched on, Elena's summons turned into streaks of white light before charging into her body. Two wing-shaped tattoos formed on each of her arms and two twisting serpents snaked up the sides of her neck.
Elena's ocean blue eyes became tainted with a hint of black, but it was barely noticeable if one didn't examine her thoroughly.
Sighing lightly, Elena raised her gaze to look at the crowd watching her. Like clockwork, they immediately turned away from her and continued with their post-battle arrangements.
At the back of the crowd, a man watched all of this happen with a profound look on his face. When the spectacle ended, he turned and walked away, every cultivator making way when they noticed his identity.
When he came to this fortress, he had never expected to see such an interesting scene. In fact, he was currently patting himself on the back for making such a wise decision.
The man held an imperceptible smile on his face as he thought back to the beast tide that had finally ended after many days of fighting. 'Everything is going according to plan. Still, I should tell father about those two girls.'
The man soon mounted a lavishly adorned flying beast and left the premises of the fortress.
 If Rose had been present to see this man, she would immediately feel something off about him.
After all, his body was coated in a thick yet invisible layer of a familiar black mana oozing with the scent of death.



Chapter 157 Mission End 1
In one portion of the mountainous region that encompassed the entirety of the central region of the Northern Continent, there was a large canyon that used to be surrounded by a snow-covered desert.
The snow itself was many feet deep, considering the weather patterns of the central continent, but the ground had also been compacted and contained a firmness to it after being tempered by such an atmosphere.
However, the beautiful white tundra was no more. In its place was a barren wasteland.
A 3000-kilometer area surrounding the canyon was free of snow, with only the small rivers of water formed by its melting left in its place. The water flowed towards the canyon and pooled within, causing a small waterfall to form.
As for the ground itself, it was in even worse condition. After the many feet of snow had melted and most of the water formed from it had evaporated, the ground was cracked and sundered until even its firmness could no longer save it.
There were hundreds of craters littering its surface, looking like a meteor shower had just impacted it. Not to mention the portions of rock that were melted into magma or covered in a thick red liquid reminiscent of blood.
In the center of the apocalyptic scene was a sight that looked like it should have been immortalized in a painting.
A large man with black hair and fierce blue eyes stood with his foot on another equally large man's chest.
His clothes were ripped and torn, with the beast skin cloak that used to cover his body being a mere cape on his back. Trails of blood ran down his face and dried blood caked his bulging muscles.
As for the man below him, he could barely be called a man anymore. His face was caved in with his skull evidently being broken, his arms were a mixture of red blood and black slush, and his chest had a gaping hole in it that was filled by the other man's foot.
Any signs of life within him had long been extinguished.
 This was the sight Damien and those cultivators saw when they exited the canyon. Due to the bloody fog, they had failed to notice the waterfall that had formed, but the obvious rumbling was enough to cue them in on the situation.
When Shen Li felt the multiple gazes that had locked onto his position, he looked up at the cultivators, the fire in his eyes slightly dimming. Without a single word, Shen Li jumped onto the back of his flying beast and made his way back to Dalia City.
And the cultivators soon followed.
They didn't need to be told what had happened and no instructions on how to proceed were needed.
The trip back was much more silent than the previous one. Not only had they just fought a perilous battle, but many of them had also lost people in its duration.
In the back of the crowd, Damien and Long Chen were also silent. Although they were fine, they could read the room well enough to keep their mouths shut.
However, Damien's thoughts were still as active as ever. 'The Nox invasion in this world is either going much more smoothly than anyone assumed or they are just pretending to be blind.'
To be honest, he hoped it was the former option. The latter suggested treachery in the highest levels of society, which would not bode well for him.
He was already thoroughly invested in the situation with the Nox since it didn't seem like they were intent on leaving the universe alone. He would be roped in at some point, he just felt like being proactive was better.
This way, at least he chose to enter this war.
'Either way, I need to let Master know about what happened here. With his strength and status, he'll probably know what to do.'
It might have been odd for Damien to trust his master without knowing him much, but it was how things ended up.
His master had helped him plenty even in the short time they had known each other, and even while knowing Damien was an otherworlder, he didn't make any trouble.
It wasn't a level of trust that would allow him to reveal all his secrets, but it was enough for this. Especially since his master was a true resident of this world.
At the end of the day, Damien had no real connection to the Cloud Plane. He might have sympathy for its destruction or the tragedies that might take place, but only the amount a normal outsider would have.
It'd be more accurate to call it the shock of watching a society collapse from the inside.
It had only been a few months since he had come here, and he didn't have anyone like Rose to care for. It was only natural that he wouldn't feel the same as he would if Apeiron met the same fate.
While Damien was considering all of this, the group arrived back at Dalia city. Shen Li dismounted his beast before turning to face the crowd of cultivators before him.
"Although there were some unforeseen circumstances, we still managed to succeed in our task. I found this on that man I fought earlier, so there's no doubt about it."
A triangular token appeared in front of him, it was blood red in color and contained a strange 7-pointed star insignia.
"This is the Sect Master token of the Beguiled Devil Sect, so it's obvious who the leader of that force was. As for why they committed a massacre of their own people, that isn't our concern.
"I will mark this mission as a success and report to all the powers from whom we sought help. By the time you reach your respective sects, it will be done. So, you don't have to worry about the rewards.
"Until then, I have many things to take care of. Thank you all once again for your help in this endeavor, and may you have a safe trip back to your homes."
Leaving these words, Shen Li entered his city. Slowly but surely, the crowd of cultivators dispersed in every direction, following Shen Li's words.
Likewise, Damien and Long Chen headed back to the Celestial Star Palace. It was a truly eventful trip for them, filled with riveting battles and many level increases, but at the same time, it alluded to a scourge existing within the shadows.
"Damien, what are your plans once we get back to the sect?" Long Chen inquired.
"Hmm?"
"B-boss."
"Ah! So you were talking to me! Hmm, I don't really have anything planned. I'll probably go see my master first and tell him about our trip before I decided anything."
Long Chen nodded, having a similar idea, but didn't say anything else.
Truthfully, he had a lot of fun on this mission. He wasn't the type to outwardly show his emotions, but having someone who could keep up with him and also beat him in competition brought him genuine excitement,
Due to this, he wanted to continue going on missions with Damien. He felt it was the best way for him to challenge himself.
But thinking about how he would have to call the shameless idiot "boss" made him reconsider.
With the duo having their own thoughts, they calmly made their way back to the sect.
And it wasn't just them. With the beast tide over, the girls were also on their way back to the Supreme Fairy Paradise. What they didn't know, however, was that Dia's call to the Sect Master led to an unexpected surprise waiting for them.



Chapter 158 Mission End 2
An entire week later, Damien and Long Chen finally arrived back at the familiar mountain that they called home.
It had only been around 2 months since they had left even though the mission was held for 6 months, causing the guards at the gate a good deal of surprise.
As for what they did when they got back, they went straight to the mission hall to claim their rewards.
"Alright, the sign of completion has been given by the one who issued the requests. Just give me your disciple tokens and I can mark it as done." The mission hall elder said in a surprised tone.
After all, an outer court disciple taking on a major mission was already surprising enough, let alone the speed at which they finished.
 When the process was finished, the elder handed each of them their spirit stones before sending them on their way.
Damien didn't waste any time, making his way up the mountain to see his master. He had nothing better to do, plus he wanted to see if his master would teach him anything new.
And before long, he arrived at the familiar pagoda. Knocking on the door, he patiently waited for someone to answer.
"Looks like you're back from your mission." A cold voice answered as the door opened, revealing a familiar beautiful face.
"Of course I'm back, did you miss me?" Damien replied.
"And why would I do that." Xue Ruyue responded immediately.
Damien wanted to tease this senior sister of his more since he still wasn't over the way she treated him, but it was clear she wouldn't be entertaining it:
Rolling his eyes, he changed the topic. "Is master here?"
Ruyue averted her gaze into the pagoda before lightly nodding her head, stepping out of the way.
Watching him enter the pagoda with a smile on his face, Ruyue's brow wrinkles slightly before she let out a soft sigh and followed him.
Unfortunately for her, Tian Yang had explicitly stated that she had to be present for the coming conversation.
And of course, he had been aware of Damien's return from the second he stepped foot in the sect.
Damien walked through the small hallway lined with ornate paintings before reaching the wooden sliding doors that led to the room he had previously been in. It was the same room where he had gone through that incomplete transformation.
"Oho, looks like you've leveled up a bit, haven't you." An aged voice inquired as Damien slid open the doors.
"It's nothing major. I still haven't been able to do anything about my skills yet." Damien replied. It was probably the thing he was most concerned about at the moment.
With spatial magic and even vector control, he was able to level them up significantly in short amounts of time. Even if he hadn't completely grasped the more esoteric branches of the magics, he was still able to increase his proficiency.
However, it wasn't the same anymore. Whether it be his dimensional magic, the question marks in his status, or even creating a domain, he was able to do none of them.
He felt some sort of block in his psyche, something that was preventing him from making any more progress, but he couldn't figure out what it was.
Even with the Void Heart Sword Law that he had only recently picked up, he hadn't been able to grasp its movements at all.
Seeing the worry evident on Damien's face, Tian Yang slightly smiled. "Is this the first roadblock you hit?"
Damien nodded back with a difficult expression. He was made painfully aware of how smooth his journey thus far had been.
"Well, the 3rd great realm is like that for every cultivator. It's a realm where you aren't trying to increase your skills or simply level up, you're trying to increase your connection to the elements."
Damien looked up at the old man, evidently confused. Connect with the elements? What did that even mean?
"Don't be in such a rush, I'll obviously tell you now that I've brought it up. Tell me, do you know what the difference between the 3rd and 4th realm is?"
Damien once again shook his head. Any time he asked or even heard about 4th class, everyone always shut him down and told him it was too early for him to learn about it.
But he didn't think so. He felt that the best way for him to work towards the next realm was to know exactly what it contained and what he was hoping to achieve.
"The entry point to the 4th great realm is called Law Connection realm for a very good reason. It's because up until that point, you were using elements in their most primary form.
"Your affinities are simply the elements you are most in tune with and the ones you can become proficient in. You might even have some affinities that aren't listed in your status simply because you don't have enough talent in them compared to your main affinities.
"But that doesn't mean you can't learn them. With years and years of practice, such a thing can become possible, unlocking new affinities in your status. However, this ain't the main point I'm trying to make."
Noticing Ruyue standing in the back and listening, Tian Yang motioned her forward. Naturally, she complied, arriving next to Damien who had taken a seat while listening to the lecture.
Seeing his disciples paying rapt attention, he continued. "Until the 3rd realm, you've been using elements in their base form, in the way the mana is presented to you. But did you really think that's all there was?"
Tian Yang waved his hand, causing spatial essence to fill the room. However, there was something intrinsically different about the mana, as if it was on a higher level.
"When you step into 4th class, your being evolves and you come into contact with something called Laws. These are the laws that govern the universe and grant it stability, these are the building blocks of everything we know."
The spatial essence continued to dance around the room, sometimes being formless but other times having pressure that weighed down on the two disciples like a mountain.
"A Law Connection realm expert has just recently come into contact with laws and has to gain an understanding of their function to enter the Law Sea realm. As for how this relates back to your current problem? That's simple."
"I have to understand my elements more so that they can evolve into laws!" Damien suddenly interrupted.
Tian Yang smiled and nodded, letting his disciple come to his own conclusion. He could almost see the gears spinning in Damien's head after reaching this point.
What he needed to do now wasn't simply train his skills or gain levels. What he needed to do was gain a deeper understanding of elements and their mana itself.
It wasn't about comprehending space, and it wasn't about any of the destructive power he was always trying to learn. It was deeper than that.
It was as if something clicked in his mind. What he was lacking, what was stopping him from advancing, he understood it all.
What Damien needed was a path forward. It was like he had been drifting aimlessly in a massive desert with no idea which direction was north. But now, he knew exactly where to go.
Even if he didn't have a starting point right now, even if he still had plenty of things to do before he reached the point Tian Yang was speaking about, at least he knew it existed.
Damien's spirit burned with fervor once again. His desire for strength blossomed. He knew exactly what he wanted to do.



Chapter 159 Second Lesson 1
Even if Tian Yang said nothing else today, Damien already got what he wanted. He had been drifting aimlessly for so long that he felt extremely fulfilled with just this small amount of knowledge.
At first, he was confused as to why the 4th class mattered at all to him right now, since he had just reached level 115, but it all made sense after Tian Yang explained.
In fact, it wasn't just Damien who had gained something from this teaching. Even Ruyue was absorbed in thought over what she had just learned.
Being the little princess of the Xue family, she naturally had much more knowledge than Damien about such things. She knew about laws long before she became a 3rd class expert.
Still, any explanation about the subject or about how to reach that point wasn't given to her. With her monstrous talent, it was expected of her to figure it out herself.
And maybe she would have successfully done so, but it wouldn't have been any time soon.
When the duo returned their attention to Tian Yang, there was an extra hint of worship in their eyes.
It was only natural for them to feel this way. Tian Yang didn't actually say much at all, but his inflection and the way he led their thoughts made them both reach a level of enlightenment about their cultivation.
While it was new for Damien, Ruyue only felt adoration before today. After all, her master was also of the idea that she should figure most things out for herself.
But ever since this junior brother of hers joined the fray, her master was much more open with his teachings. She didn't know whether to be jealous or thankful for this, so she just stopped thinking about it altogether.
 "Now that you've understood, allow me to go more in-depth about the concepts you both need to pay attention to. First of all, what exactly is mana?" Tian Yang questioned.
"It's the building blocks of everything," Damien replied almost instantly. This was the basis of everything he knew.
"It is the energy that birthed the universe." Ruyue followed up.
Tian Yang only gave a slight nod at their answers. "While you are both technically right, do you know why that is? Or rather, do you truly understand what you just told me?"
The duo pondered once more. What was there to understand past these points? Why was it necessary to know that?
Damien wondered what it truly meant for mana to be the building blocks of all things. For the sake of organizing his thoughts, he spoke out loud.
"Mana is present within everything. Animals, plants, or even just the air around us. But these things can exist without mana, right? Planets that haven't awakened their mana yet live like this for up to many eons without trouble."
"That's only partially true," Ruyue answered, doing the same as him. "While unawakened worlds live without a constant influx of mana, it doesn't mean that mana isn't present within them. Mana is within everything from the start of its formation, even if it's a minuscule amount. Without mana, life can't sustain itself."
"Well then, what about oxygen and nitrogen? What about the base elements and concepts such as physics? Mana breaks such laws simply with its presence, so how can they exist in a place where mana resides within everything?"
"Those concepts are simply human designs to label the unknown. Not understanding how things worked, they made such an explanation. And besides, mana itself doesn't break physics, it just bends the existing laws. It's the use of mana through elements that can totally break the concept."
Damien thought about what she said and understood that it had logic behind it. The existence of mana alone doesn't break any laws. Mana is a neutral energy that doesn't actually do anything unless it's willed to do so.
"So, mana itself is tame, but its usage is anything but. Mana existed before the laws of the universe were formed, thus being a higher form of power than them?"
"I…I'm not sure." Ruyue responded as her brows creased. "If mana is a higher form than laws, then why can we only use laws after entering the 4th great realm instead of manipulating them from the start?"
Damien also didn't know the answer to this, but there were plenty of theories swirling through his mind. As for the main one…
"What if…us lifeforms who exist in mana's sphere of influence don't have the capability to wield the laws that make up the world simply from the start? What if the use of elements for the first 3 realms is a build-up or something like training wheels before we can use laws?"
Ruyue's eyes widened. The answer was so simple, yet they couldn't think of it! Ruyue almost leaped at the thought, grabbing Damien's shoulders in excitement.
"That's right! Just like master said, we need to have a firm grasp on mana and the elements before we can use laws! Without it, it's impossible for us to control something so esoteric and powerful that actually forms the universe! Laws are too high in power for any normal being to use if they don't gather the appropriate strength first!"
Damien was a bit stunned by her move, snapping out of his tangent thoughts. He ended up staring into her bright golden eyes that were far too close for comfort.
Especially with the excitement she was showing at the moment, Ruyue was like a different person. Rather than the cold and distant senior sister he had gotten used to, she was just a normal and agreeable woman.
Ruyue wasn't in any better condition. She hadn't noticed her state of mind until she had already gotten close enough to Damien where if he wanted to, he could take full advantage of her.
Since when did they become close enough for her to act like this? The answer was that they hadn't. There was just something about Damien that made her drop her guard. Not to mention, their banter had been so smooth that she almost forgot he was essentially a stranger to her.
As she gazed into those red and purple eyes, she felt something that she hadn't felt in a long time. It was like she met someone she could actually enjoy spending her time with, even if it was just as fellow disciples under the same master.
"Kuhum…" a sudden cough interrupted their thoughts. "Now now, I don't mind if my disciples get closer, but I'd prefer you not do it in front of this old man. Hahahaha!"
The duo quickly separated, not daring to look at each other or Tian Yang at this moment. There wasn't even anything romantic about the interaction, so why were they acting like blushing children? It amused Tian Yang so much that he almost couldn't contain himself.
Shaking his head, he returned to the previous topic. "You're both on the right track. Although the things you said were just theories, they do contain some truth to them. As long as you continue digging deeper, you should be able to form a true hypothesis. At that time, come back to me for help.
"As for what to do from now on, well the synergy between you two is surprising even to me. When did you two become so similar? Last time I checked you were at each other's necks."
Tian Yang almost failed to hold back another fit of laughter but managed to continue.
"Because of this, it's probably best for you to work together from now on. I feel that the best way for you to get results is such. Not to mention, your affinities complement each other perfectly."
Although the two of them had some hesitation, they agreed that they wouldn't have been able to figure things out as fast if it wasn't for their combined effort.
Sighing in unison, they continued listening to the lecture.



Chapter 160 Second Lesson 2
Tian Yang's lecture continued into the night, teaching the duo many things and widening their horizons far past what they thought possible.
"That should do it for today. I can't give you all the answers at the start now can I?" He teased.
"Hmm, since there's nothing else to teach you for today, how about you spar each other? You two haven't really had much interaction before today, after all."
Damien and Ruyue looked at each other, their interest peaked. While Ruyue had seen a glimpse of Damien's power when he was learning about teleportation earlier, she didn't know his true capabilities.
And for Damien, Ruyue was a complete mystery. She had two elements whose mana looked similar to ice, but neither of them were the same. He had Zara's ice element for comparison so he was sure of this fact.
The only thing he was sure of was the fact that she was at the mid-levels of 3rd class, perhaps at the Core Expansion realm.
And technically by Cloud Plane standards, Damien was also at this realm even if his level didn't match up. He had formed his core long ago and expanding it wasn't something he had to do manually.
It was one of the greatest benefits of his Ananta System.
Seeing that both disciples expressed their willingness, Tian Yang released his spatial mana and teleported them out of the pagoda.
Even if the pagoda had the strength to handle their power, it didn't mean that there was enough space for them to have a proper fight.
When the two were able to see again, they found themselves in the middle of a grassy plain. They could clearly see the Star Mountain in the distance, but they were far enough to where nobody from the sect would be alerted to their battle.
Standing between the two, Tian Yang smiled. "Alright, since this is just a friendly spar, I want you both to hold back a bit. Just enough so there are no serious injuries. I'm looking at you, Damien. I don't want another incident like the one during the disciple examination."
Damien averted his gaze while whistling the tune to an old anime he used to watch. It's not like he would ever admit that his actions back then were a mistake.
Ignoring Damien's amusing reaction, Tian Yang turned to Ruyue, who also nodded lightly. Seeing that they were both ready, he didn't waste any more time.
Taking out a circular token, Tian Yang threw it in the air, making it flip around its own axis. "The match will start when this token hits the ground."
It was like the token moved in slow motion. It flipped continuously until finally, it landed on the ground with a soft thud.
But the sound was overrun by the sonic booms that came forth when both Damien and Ruyue charged at each other.
Damien pulled out his sword while a shining white spear emerged in Ruyue's hands.
'Void Sword Art First Form: Bladeless'
'Moon Goddess's Spear First Form: Tide Formation'
A wave of spatial mana charged forward, wanting to tear the world asunder, but it was met by a firm yet gentle force from Ruyue's spear.
The tide of mana was pushed and molded to her will, completely dispersing before it was replaced by her own.
An iridescent white mana gushed out in waves as Ruyue swept her spear in a horizontal motion.
Seeing the incoming tide, Damien didn't move. Instead, he changed tactics.
 'Magnitude and Direction'
The space around him bent as he tapped his fingers in the air. Swirling vortexes were formed before they charged towards the tide.
And similar to what Ruyue did to him, Damien dispersed her tide. Its forward charge suddenly altered slightly to the left, missing him entirely, and by the time it even reached his position, it was barely at the level of a love tap.
In their first altercation, they came out in a tie.
Without wasting any time, they charged forward once more, knowing that such ranged tactics would only be futile.
'Void Sword Art 3rd form: Dance of the Void'
'Moon Goddess's Spear 2nd Form: Moonlight Serenade'
Although the names of their attacks seemed to allude to a beautiful night filled with elegance and grace, their actual clash was anything but.
Ruyue swung her spear, its weight bearing down on Damien's sword. Although he was moving in and out of the spatial layers and his body became elusive, she was still able to pinpoint his every motion.
Clang-!
Once again their weapons connected, causing a massive shockwave to emanate from their location. Luckily, Tian Yang was there to minimize the damage.
The scale of their clash became wider and wider, with both of them becoming ethereal to the point where they were almost one with mana. The sparks flying from each of their clashes being the only indication that they existed within reality.
Looking into those fierce golden eyes that burned with fighting spirit, Damien grinned.
'Void Sword Art 4th Form: Spatial Collapse'
He didn't overcharge the attack this time, so there was no gaping black hole. Still, the results of the strike were devastating.
Boom-!
Everything around them crumbled, with the fabric of reality seemingly shattering like glass.
The duo was within an entirely black space where even light couldn't penetrate, but the nauseating swirl of the blackness made it clear that space was still collapsing,
Ruyue felt lightheaded and she could barely understand how time was passing. Everything seemed so muddled together as if things that weren't meant to collide were fusing. She knew that if she didn't get serious, she would fall.
'Blood Moon'
A seemingly impossible thing happened. Cracks started appearing in the black space before one portion of it turned entirely red. It wasn't just a red light, though, it was an entire miniature celestial body.
A true blood moon appeared within the black space, illuminating it with its light. The ebbing tides of collapse slowed to a halt as tranquility was brought back to the atmosphere. But before space could reconstruct itself, Ruyue made her move.
'Moon Goddess Descent'
Her pristine white hair began to glow with an almost holy aura, turning into a shining silver. Her bright golden eyes became dyed in silver. If anyone saw her right now, they would truly think she was the embodiment of the moon.
Ruyue raised her hand lightly before gracefully waving it like she was conducting an orchestra. All this while, Damien could only stand in a stupor. It was as if he got charmed by her new appearance.
But Ruyue didn't wait for him to return to himself. Her movements sped up, causing the tides of chaos to flow once more. This time, in reverse.
The blackness that encompassed them enveloped Damien like a cocoon, limiting his movements before beams of lunar energy tore through space towards his location.
Bang-!
Holes were pierced through the cocoon and although Ruyue couldn't see Damien's state at the moment, she was sure he had been injured. Although it may not have sounded like much, her lunar energy was as destructive as it was gentle.
Not to mention, she added a little something else into it.
However, if she could see Damien at the moment, she'd be endlessly surprised. He was bleeding with several holes in his body, but a wide grin painted his face.
He had just learned something new, after all.
Damien looked up at Ruyue's beautiful form, his eyes piercing through the abyssal darkness of the cocoon. An iridescent light began to shine from his pupils as two commanding words left his mouth,
"Celestial Authority."



Chapter 161 Second Lesson 3
"Celestial Authority."
It seemed like matter itself froze. The reparation of space, the swirling cocoon entrapping Damien, the rays of lunar energy piercing through him, and even the blood moon itself.
Everything stopped as an indomitable aura burst forth from Damien's body. Suddenly, the blood moon began spinning counterclockwise, its mana reversing and wrestling out of Ruyue's control.
As for Ruyue, she could only stare in shock as the moon conjured by her stopped obeying her will, becoming an independent existence.
Or was it?
Retracting the energy it shot towards Damien, the moon once again regained its full power before descending from the sky at a rapid pace.
It's target? Ruyue herself.
The moon barreled through the atmosphere, growing larger with each passing second before it eclipsed even the sun.
Ruyue stared at the oncoming attack with a grim expression before firming herself. She didn't plan on using this here, as she felt it'd be cheating, but Damien's prowess didn't allow her to hold back much.
"Come."
She said only a single word, but it was accompanied by an essence that radiated negative energy. The atmosphere froze over with something other than ice. In fact, the cold was worse than anything mere ice could produce.
It was to the point where even Damien, who was still coated in that same indomitable aura, was unable to approach her.
When the massive moon reached Ruyue's outstretched palm, it didn't result in the explosion that one would expect. Instead, it began to decompose into swirling motes of light before entering her body.
Turning her attention back to Damien, her silver eyes flashed.
"Erasure."
The black space created by the collapsing of space in their surroundings vanished, the cocoon entrapping Damien vanished, and the essence that achieved such feats charged directly towards him.
But Damien wasn't helpless in this situation. Even if he couldn't approach, the new skill he had just discovered was enough to counter this apocalyptic essence.
"Come forth."
A massive portal opened above Damien's head before a burning star raced out, charging straight towards the essence of Ruyue's erasure. And when they met, a silent collision was incurred.
Both forces eliminated each other, with neither having the remaining energy to continue forward.
With this, the battlefield was once again encased in silence. Damien and Ruyue glared at each other fiercely, amethyst aura clashing with silver. Neither was sure if they could make a move that the other wouldn't be able to counter.
Although they were powerful, their skill sets diametrically opposed each other, constantly leaving them at a stalemate. Still, neither wanted to lose.
And Damien was still confident in his chances. The Celestial Authority had many more uses that he was still trying to figure out, he just had to learn them through battle.
The star summoning he performed was only a basic application of his authority, the same was the case for wresting control of Ruyue's moon.
After all, he was putting into practice the authority of a genuine Celestial. Any celestial body would be dominated by his control, bending to his will. That is, if the celestial body didn't possess a stronger will of its own.
He had already tried to manipulate the earth around him, but it was clear that the Cloud Plane wouldn't allow him to do so. If it did, it would essentially be putting itself under him.
Damien mused that this would only happen once he was able to successfully bind the world.
 But it wasn't just Damien who had more cards to play. Ruyue had only just begun using her second element, which also happened to be her trump card. There was no way she only had two moves to use with it.
But the problem was, her yin element wasn't suited for attacking. It was an element that mdenied impurity and denied positive force. It was best used for defense and diversion.
Hesitating slightly, she made her decision. She still had one card she was willing to show. She simply didn't want to reveal everything she had in a spar like this.
Raising both hands to the sky, she did something she never expected she would do today.
"Summon."
A dark red runic circle took form in the sky, etching itself into the atmosphere. Its size was so great that the sunlight shining down on them was dyed red.
Once it was fully formed, it shined brightly, releasing austere rays of red light before something clawed its way out of the center.
It was massive, towering over 100 meters tall, and humanoid. It had two goat-like horns protruding from the forehead of its central head, while two other heads were also present on its shoulders, each with a pair of blood-red eyes. On its back were bat-like wings that spanned for hundreds of meters.
By any definition of the word, it was clear that this being was a devil. But when this devil finally solidified in the world, it turned to Ruyue and descended onto one knee.
However, to Ruyue, this was par for course. If the devil had done anything else, perhaps she would have been surprised.
"Go, rough him up a bit but don't kill him."
The devil nodded its heads before turning to Damien with a bloodthirsty grin on its face.
Damien was immensely surprised by the sudden summoning, but to be honest, he welcomed it. It was just another challenge for him to overcome.
His eyes flickered between that of a normal human and reptilian slits and large clouds began to gather over his head.
Streaks of black lightning danced through the air as Damien's chest expanded. Draconic scales slowly covered his arms before disappearing and his teeth grew into fangs.
Rumble!
Thunder and lightning raged as massive tornadoes formed in the periphery. And in the center of it all, Damien floated while staring at the demon.
Both combatants were ready, and all that was left was to start the next round of their battle. However, before it happened, another person entered the fray.
"Alright; that's enough for now."
Tian Yang had been watching the proceedings from the sidelines while enjoying the show, but he felt that if they went any further, one of them would end up seriously injured.
Ruyue hadn't summoned one of her higher class devil servants so it was clear she was holding back, but Tian Yang was well aware of Damien's character.
Especially the way he could lose himself when a fight got too intense.
The flickering scales that appeared and receded into Damien's skin were clear proof that such a thing had already started occurring.
Standing in the middle of the battlefield, Tian Yang flicked his wrists. The bloodthirsty demon that had been waiting for battle was thrown back into the runic circle it came from while the storms around Damien quickly dispersed.
Although he felt like he was cockblocked, he couldn't really complain. After all, he knew that even a portion of his master's strength was enough to knock him out for weeks.
"You two sure had an interesting fight." Tian Yang commented with a smile.
Neither of them went all out and they didn't cause any major destruction like they could have, but he was certain that they both found ways to increase their current arsenal of attacks.
Ruyue and Damien descended to the ground, their transformed states fading as they glared at each other.
Although this battle had ended in a tie, it was solely due to interruption. Both of them were dying to fight once again, their competitive spirits burning with passion.



Chapter 162 Second Lesson 4
Not long after the battle, Tian Yang teleported them back to his pagoda.
"Now that you've seen each other's strengths? What do you think?" He questioned the two disciples who still looked sour from having their battle interrupted.
"Hmm, I feel like Senior Sister's elements are more focused on defense than attack." Damien pointed out.
It was the biggest thing he got from the fight. Ruyue was able to redirect or entirely block any attack he threw at her, even molding his spatial mana to fit her needs.
It was something he wasn't used to, the feeling of being completely powerless even though he knew she wasn't that much stronger than him.
Even with Rose, when they first met she was much stronger than him, the only thing was that her main element was illusions. And with his eyes, he was simply a perfect counter for her.
As for Ruyue, she was feeling somewhat similar. "His base attack power is greater than mine by miles, but he doesn't have the diversity to keep up with me."
Throughout their fight, Damien only used spatial element and even then he only used a few moves from it. Even his Celestial Authority, while possessing the potential to be something grand, wasn't at that level yet.
"He's a brute. He's too green when it comes to true complex battles. If I had to guess, he's made it this far on raw power and absurd mana capacity."
Although her words were harsh, they were true. Damien knew this as well, which is why he was doing his best to contain the annoyance bubbling inside of him.
He really had gotten this far on brute strength alone. His sword mastery came from savagery and his spatial comprehension was always on the basis of destruction. When it came to elegance and strategy, he was basically dumb.
"Basically, he's dumb."
"Oi! You didn't have to say it out loud!"
"Hm? But I'm right arent I? You're a dumb brute and that's that."
"So? What does it say about you that you couldn't even defeat this dumb brute?"
"Nothing at all, it's just like you said. My prowess is mainly focused on defense not offense like you."
"Those are just excuses. Imagine if I went and told the world that my Senior Sister, the one and only little princess of the Xue clan, couldn't even defeat an idiot in combat."
Damien and Ruyue glared at each other with fighting intent once again blazing. Tian Yang could only watch their interaction with a wry smile plastered on his face.
'If it keeps going like this, they might end up a little too close.'
While his purpose in organizing this spar was for the two of them to get closer, he didn't expect it to work so well. Looking at them bickering like childhood friends, he couldn't figure out what led to such a thing.
It was only then that he realized something he had forgotten in the past few years. Although Ruyue liked to portray herself as a cold woman who stood above all, it was only suppressing some of her other most prominent personality traits.
One of which was so important that it basically made her reputation when she was younger. Tian Yang had been her master for many years, but it had been a while since he reminisced on those old days.
The Xue clan's little demon. With how she had grown up becoming colder and more distant, he almost forgot about how much she loved to bicker with others like this.
It was like she had a knack for causing trouble and fully embraced it. Or perhaps, she was just a bit of a sadist.
Either way, it was something that used to be a core of her personality, and it'd be more surprising if it had vanished even after all these years. Perhaps she simply didn't have anyone she could be expressive to.
No, he knew that was the case. Considering the situations she's been in as she grew up, there was no way it wasn't like that.
Once more gazing at Ruyue who was now smiling triumphantly and Damien, whose veins were almost popping out of his head, Tian Yang's smile became heartening.
'I wonder what's so special about this boy to get such a reaction from her.'
He wanted to continue their lesson today, allowing the two to improve on the things they learned through battle, but he decided against it.
It had been too long since Ruyue could have fun like this, and he didn't want to be the one to ruin it.
Silently sitting back in his seat, he continued to watch the bickering duo in amusement.
Meanwhile, the duo's argument had already gone past the previous battle and become slightly personal. And to be frank, largely childish.
"You think you're so cool, I bet you don't even leave the sect that much."
 "I leave all the time? For missions and…missions, but that still counts!"
"Hmph, go touch grass."
"As if you're any different! You probably lived in some secluded mountain all your life! Why are you talking like some expert?!"
"Because, of course, I am an expert," Damien replied with a profound smirk, imitating a certain old man who liked to act all mysterious.
"Hmph, as if. Prove it then!"
"Proof? I don't need any proof."
"Of course you do, otherwise you're just a liar and a cheat!"
"Huh?"
Both Damien and Ruyue paused at the strangeness of her words. Although they were both clearly aware of what she meant, it could be taken in a completely different way out of context.
And of course, with Damien being Damien, there was no way he wouldn't capitalize on such a mistake
"Oho? A liar and a cheat huh? Could it be that little Senior Sister is jealous? Or maybe…" he trailed off, but his meaning was clear.
Ruyue's face adopted a slightly red hue as she averted her gaze. It wasn't her first time being teased like this, and usually, she'd have already blasted the perpetrator into oblivion with her lunar energy, but this time was different.
After all, she found herself enjoying it, along with the rest of the childish argument they were having.
Still, there was something she was curious about. When Damien said he had traveled more than her, it was obvious he didn't just mean continents.
She had also gone on missions to other continents, so that wouldn't be a solid argument. As for what he truly meant…
"During our fight, you summoned a star to counter my absolute erasure. How did you do that?" She couldn't hold back her curiosity.
Damien smiled lightly, not minding the change of subject as he decided to brag a bit. "It's because of my class. Not only can I summon stars, but I can also borrow their power for my own use."
As he spoke, Damien flicked his finger, causing a blazing sunfire to manifest on top of it. The wisp of flame skyrocketed the temperatures in the room with its intense heat.
But Damien's mana was also draining at a rapid rate. It was the reason he didn't use sunfire often.
However, watching the sunfire dance around Damien's palm, Ruyue went entirely silent. She stared at the flame of a celestial body as her body began to radiate an ethereal aura once again.
Her eyes became silver and the faint illusory outline of a massive moon took form behind her.
Suddenly, she lifted her hand as something began to manifest on top of it.
It was…a wisp of blueish-white flame.



Chapter 163 Second Mission 1
What are the qualities of the moon and why was it able to be classified as its own affinity?
In truth, the latter half of the question could remain unanswered for eons if nobody looked into it. The reason was simple, the sheer number of affinities and elements existing was too large,
Although most people are born with the average affinity towards one of multiple of the most basic elements, it wasn't that rare to see someone with a unique affinity.
Something like Ruyue's moon affinity, however, was especially rare. It was because of how specific it was more than anything else.
In fact, even with her yin affinity, Ruyue had the ability to manipulate lunar energy. It was a facet of yin's connection to all things cold or negative.
However, she was specifically born with an affinity toward the moon as well. It was something that should grant her a less streamlined set of abilities, but even now she hadn't been able to understand it.
Why did she have an affinity with the moon and what could she truly do with it?
That's what she had spent all these years trying to learn. She even halted her progress on the yin element to focus on this. Yet, she got nothing.
At least, not until this moment.
When she watched Damien summon flames from the sun, something seemed to click within her. She watched how he used the energy of celestial bodies and it seemed to make much more sense.
And so, she became immersed in a meditative state as she stared at the flame. And even after the flame vanished she continued to stare at its position.
Why was the element of the sun a fire? That much was obvious considering what the star was made of. But as Ruyue looked at the blueish-white flame on her palm, she had to wonder.
Why was the element of the moon a fire as well?
The moon absolutely didn't align with the element of fire, which was yang attributed. It was too destructive. Meanwhile, what Ruyue had learned from the moon in all these years was how gentle it was.
It didn't use much force, continuing along with the flow of things, but it still managed to assert its power. It still managed to cause tides to rise and fall.
As Ruyue's gaze shifted to the flame on her palm, she tried to comprehend something from it. Oddly enough, the flame felt cold to the touch, as if she was running her fingers along an ethereal form of ice.
Pointing her palm towards the wall to her right, Ruyue mobilized this new flame, causing a burst of flames to shoot forth like a flamethrower.
And in those flames' wake, there was a path of what seemed like ice. Yet, Ruyue knew better. It wasn't necessarily ice but it wasn't fire either. It contained the properties of both.
It burned hot enough to seem cold, but conversely was cold enough to cause burns. This kind of contradiction was something Ruyue simply couldn't fathom at the moment.
Her glowing silver eyes slowly returned to gold as Ruyue was snapped out of her comprehension state. There wasn't anything she could learn at this moment.
All she knew was that she finally had a path forward. Looking at the man in front of her, she knew he was the cause. But the man himself seemed clueless. He was staring at the Icefire Ruyue had released with interest clearly written on his face.
She hadn't really taken the time to look at him before today, but he was a really interesting guy. His eyes were strange even by this world's standards yet nobody seemed to have a problem with them.
The two colors contained within them swirled as if they were alive and his cross-shaped pupils were like a small boat in the midst of a raging ocean. It was an oddly peaceful sight.
His hair looked like a representation of space, especially once you got to know him and understand his affinities. As for the rest of him, it was always hidden under layers of black clothing so she hadn't really seen it.
'Wait…why do I want to see that?' Ruyue wondered as she forcefully stopped her train of thought. Since when was she the kind of person to think about such things?
Perhaps the strange atmosphere that had enveloped the room was affecting her. Yes, that had to be it. Either way, she couldn't keep her eyes off him.
However, he soon turned back around and noticed her gaze. "I know I'm handsome but is there any need to stare?" He said with a teasing smile.
And just like that, the atmosphere was shattered. 'That's right, this guy is so annoying, there's no way he could be as I was thinking.'
"You? Handsome? I just found out that hearing those two words in the same sentence makes me want to gag." She responded in annoyance.
"What do you mean by that?"
"What do you think I meant?" Ruyue clutched her stomach while acting like she was sick, "look what you did, I think I'm going to be sick just by looking at you."
"As if you can talk! It's not like you're any better than me."
"And what's that supposed to mean?"
"You know exactly what it's supposed to mean." Damien quipped while imitating Ruyue's previous motion.
"You-!"
"Hahaha! Doesn't feel good being on the receiving end, does it?" Damien laughed with a triumphant grin on his face.
Tian Yang, whose presence in the room was somehow ignored by the two who were getting closer at a rate he thought was far too fast, decided it was time to step in.
 "Are you two ever going to stop quibbling like little kids? Or did you just forget I was here and decide to flirt?"
His interruption immediately shut them up as they diverted their gazes, refusing to look at him. Still, he didn't mind it much. Turning to Ruyue, he continued.
"It looks like you've learned something new. Although I want to congratulate you, I can see that you haven't fully grasped what this fire is. Until then, I can only guide you in practice."
Ruyue nodded in understanding. Her master was always like this, even though he'd recently become more open. She would have to perfect her new ability much more before she would even get a semblance of praise from him.
"As for you," he said to Damien, "Ruyue was right in her assessment. Although you have an extraordinary amount of brute strength, you don't have a proper move set besides your sword art. You need to work on improving this."
Damien also ended up nodding, although reluctantly. He didn't want to accept it, but he really had no choice. There would inevitably be times when raw strength alone wouldn't cut it, or his lacking comprehension would catch up to him.
Especially with the fact that he'd be improving his base understanding to reach 4th class, comprehension and variety were the things he needed most.
"From what I've seen, you lack a proper foundation. It's as if you've learned everything you have through battle alone. Although I don't want to influence your path too much, I will help you solidify this."
For the first time in a few years, Damien would take the time to properly train.



Chapter 164 Second Mission 2
The days passed swiftly as Damien and Ruyue spent their time training diligently with Tian Yang.
Unlike before, he was taking an active role in their training and giving them lessons much more often. It was clear that there would be some sort of event happening in the future that he was preparing them for.
And just like that, 3 months passed.
Damien had learned more than he would have ever expected in these 3 months. Even he was surprised by his own progress.
First and foremost was his sword. He had been training the sword for so long that he expected to feel some kind of connection with it, but he really had none.
With the way he found his fighting style evolving, he almost wanted to throw away the sword entirely, but he chose not to. His sword art was still one of his greatest strengths.
With Tian Yang's help, Damien was able to build a more solid foundation for his sword that he previously didn't have. Until this point, he was sure of what his sword was meant for.
It was a tool for slaughter. For savageness, brutality, and killing. That was the only reason he ever picked up a sword. It was the resolve that was bred into his sword when he was still in the dungeon.
But did he still need such a sword? The answer was a resounding no. He was long past the point where he would only move to kill, where he was cold enough to not spare a second thought at anything that didn't concern him.
Well, it's not like he magically became a better person. He just knew that he didn't need to act so animalistic anymore.
So Tian Yang taught him skill to add to his previously brutal sword, attempting to make it more concise and methodical.
But that was only a minor improvement. Damien didn't actually have a great amount of talent for the sword at all. If anything, his talent was for the destruction he could cause.
And for that, his best tool was his spatial element. And with Tian Yang also having the same element, it was only obvious Damien would make immense progress.
His Celestial Authority had been properly fleshed out, and Damien had created a few different moves he could evoke with it. It wasn't an exaggeration to say he was incredibly anticipating the use of them.
His vector control also slightly improved, allowing him to affect a wider range around him. Damien tended not to use this power, since it would take all the fun out of battle, but it would be incredibly important when he truly got serious, so he never neglected it.
But for the most part, he simply firmed his foundation like Tian Yang had told him before. He solidified his base knowledge and comprehended more about space, making sure he would have the ability to back up his strength.
 Naturally, he also took the time to visit Long Chen every day of the first week for the pleasure of being called "Boss" by the helpless young master.
And Ruyue wasn't slacking either. In fact, she worked even harder than Damien to not be surpassed by him. Even if she didn't look it, she wanted to maintain her position as senior sister and stay stronger than him if possible.
Her main problem was with offense, and she had just gained a weapon that would grant her such ability. All the had to do was understand and refine her Iceflame until she could properly use it in combat.
So that's exactly what she did. Her first move was to enter a comprehension state, forgoing physical training for a while,
And in this state, she was able to understand a bit about the element that she couldn't before.
Her main question until now had been, what does it have to do with the moon? And she found that it both had everything to do with the moon and nothing at all.
In the depths of her comprehension, she learned much more than she originally thought. In fact, her comprehension left the ice flame and returned to her moon affinity in general.
In the first place, what is a moon? A moon, in reality, is a natural satélite that orbits a planet. Regardless of whether it opposes a sun or is simply an asteroid caught within a planet's orbit, they are all technically considered as moons.
So, what was Ruyue's affinity? On her status sheet, it simply said "moon", making Ruyue, or anybody, assume that she had a connection to the lunar body that rose in the nighttime.
But as she delved further into the concept, she realized that her perception was always wrong. Manipulation of lunar energy? That was merely scratching the surface of what she could truly do.
Her affinity…she learned that it was much closer to an affinity with celestial bodies as a whole than simply the moon itself.
It was eerily similar to what Damien originally thought his Celestial class was meant for, connecting to celestial bodies.
The differences between the two were many, but in this specific ability, the main difference was the medium used to form connections.
While Damien used space itself as a medium, having naturally formed ethereal connections to every celestial body in the vicinity, Ruyue had to work much harder to achieve the same result.
The reason was simple. She didn't use any medium to form the connections she needed to form. They were direct connections to the celestial bodies, without any outside interference.
But the difference in their performance would also reflect that. The reason Damien never truly used the plethora of connections that he constantly had was because he couldn't really get anything out of them.
It wasn't the main purpose of his class.
For Damien to maximize the benefits of these connections, he had to bind the worlds and form relationships with their World Cores. It was both due to the nature of the class and the fact that it was a class rather than an affinity.
But for Ruyue, she was born with this ability. She didn't acquire it through legends and class changes. So for her, the process naturally differed.
And until she realized this fact, she wasn't able to truly bring out the potential of her element.
She was only able to use the bare minimum through the single connection that had naturally formed between her and the closest celestial body, one which also leaned more towards yin and synchronized best with her.
She was now able to understand what clicked when she saw Damien's sunfire. It wasn't a matter of elements nor was it something related to the moon she was already connected to.
She had subconsciously formed another connection. She was able to feel it now. It was a smaller satellite that orbited around a much larger axis, making it the second-closest yin-centered celestial body.
She was able to see it clearly now. It was a small world, around 13rd the size of the moon, but it was an elemental world.
It was better classified as a star than anything else, but it somehow still fell under her authority. Most likely, it was due to the synchronization between her yin and moon affinities.
The small star was naturally uninhabitable, especially considering its atmosphere.
It was covered, or rather, completely made up of the iceflame that Ruyue was now able to utilize.



Chapter 165 Second Mission 3
While Ruyue remained deep in her meditation state, Damien found time to visit his master for a serious talk.
He had almost forgotten about it with the sudden insights and progression in the recent months, but he finally remembered it today.
Reentering the main room of Tian Yang's residence where he had been staying for the past 3 months, Damien greeted his master.
"Good morning, Master."
"Mm. Come sit." Tian Yang responded while brewing a pot of tea.
Damien took a seat in front of him and watched, unsure of how exactly to start the conversation.
"It seems you didn't come for a lecture today, so feel free to speak your mind."
Tian Yang could very easily sense the tense atmosphere around Damien today, and he wasn't one to waste time on mindless drivel if there was something more important to talk about.
Damien also appreciated this bluntness, going straight into the topic at hand.
"It's about the mission I went on a few months back. I encountered something I wanted to inform you about since something seemed off the entire time."
Damien proceeded to explain everything that happened during the mission. From the moment they entered the canyon and met the blood fog, to the strange physiques of the devil worshippers, the massive battle and the corruption of corpses, and finally, the devastation left in the wake of the battle between the two strongest beings present.
He made sure he didn't leave out any details, allowing Tian Yang to gain a clear picture of the events. It was imperative that his master understood the severity of the situation.
"With your status, I'm sure you are aware of the Nox and the threat they pose not just to this world, but many others as well. My concern is how they were able to easily infiltrate and corrupt people without anyone noticing.
"After all, the devil worshippers were working in broad daylight, not even attempting to hide the obvious connection they had to the Nox. Anyone who has seen one of those things would instantly recognize it.
"And while they are called devil worshippers, they really have nothing to do with devils at all. Another concern is whether they are being written off as just disciples of another wicked sect or not."
Tian Yang listened to everything without much change in expression, only slightly wrinkling his brows at the mention of the Nox.
He stayed silent for a moment, leaving Damien anxiously waiting before he spoke his thoughts.
"Have you told anyone else about this?"
Damien thought it was an odd question, but shook his head in denial either way.
"Good. It would not be good if panic began to spread to the public due to a slip-up. Now, allow me to explain. When it comes to this matter, you are both correct and incorrect at the same time."
Damien raised his brow, not understanding, but Tian Yang didn't force him to remain confused.
"The peak experts of the world are all aware of the current situation with the Nox, and most of the large sects have also made countermeasures against infiltration. However, their presence in this world has been publicized as a sort of new cult that has emerged.
"Make no mistake, the wickedness of said cult has been openly spread, but knowledge of a possible invasion or planetary world isn't something available to the public.
"However, that doesn't mean everything is safe. There are still suspicions that some powers are colluding with the Nox, it's simply not possible to eliminate them without evidence.
"We are righteous sects at the end of the day. If we move in such a domineering manner, the reputation of our powers would decrease by a large margin. Not to mention, the involved powers will most definitely spread false information to alert the public.
"Even if we can prove these claims true, the seed of doubt that will be planted cannot be erased easily. Such a situation is what we have been avoiding.
"Still, there are plans being formulated to counterattack. Perhaps not the Nox themselves, as their homeworld is still undiscovered to this day, but they are not the ones moving against us with fervor at the moment.
"It is their subordinate power that we must be wary of. A world known is Niflheim."
As Tian Yang finished his speech, Damien was left in a slight shock. He never expected there to be so much happening in the shadows.
There was a reason he never prided himself as a schemer.
There was also the matter with Niflheim. He had no idea the world was close enough to the Cloud Plane for there to be talk of planetary warfare.
'Still, planetary warfare, huh.' Just the thought of such a large scale and epic battle made his blood boil, but he suppressed it forcefully. Now wasn't the time to get battle-hungry.
"Is there anything for me to do, then?" He questioned. It seemed that the higher-ups of the world had everything planned out, but he still wanted to be involved in one way or another.
"Hmm," Tian Yang pondered, looking at Damien with a profound smile on his face. "There's really no reason for you to get involved, is there?"
His tone was clearly teasing, causing Damien to frown a little. "Master should know I have plenty of reasons. My homeworld is also being targeted by the Nox."
"Well, if you told me that when we first met I might have believed you, but are you still going to pretend like that's true?"
Tian Yang was well aware of Damien's personality. Especially in these past few months, he'd been able to clearly see what kind of man Damien was. And with that information, Tian Yang was able to form a guess on his intentions that he was sure of.
'The boy simply wants to be part of such a thrilling adventure.'
The thought made Tian Yang smile, being reminded of himself in his younger days. And seeing how Damien was sheepishly smiling back at him, he knew he was right.
"If you already knew then you didn't have to ask me about it right?" Damien complained. Although it might've been wrong to put up a righteous front, he didn't care much.
He knew how selfish his intentions truly were, and he didn't plan to publicize them at all. Others would surely label him as someone wicked if he did so.
Tian Yang wryly shook his head, arriving at the same conclusion. But his expression turned teasing again in an instant.
Flicking his finger, he sent an arrow of spatial mana towards the closed door to the room.
"Ah!" A startled shout followed by a soft thump rang out, attracting Damien's attention to the beautiful silver-haired figure that had just fallen to the floor.
 His eyes went wide, staring at Ruyue who had most likely been eavesdropping on the entire conversation before he turned back and glared at Tian Yang.
There was no way he wouldn't notice her presence if he hadn't covered it up. As for shooting the spatial mana, it was just for show.
After smiling back at the annoyed Damien, Tian Yang turned his gaze back towards Ruyue.
"It's good that you're here. Come, I have something for the both of you."



Chapter 166 Second Mission 4
Once Ruyue was seated next to Damien, Tian Yang continued.
"Ruyue, you heard everything, didn't you?"
Ruyue nodded. She had just finished a long period of meditation and came to meet Tian Yang before doing some physical training, but she ended up overhearing an interesting conversation instead.
There were many things she was curious about. The Nox and the plans regarding them, the movements of the peak experts of the world, and most of all, the fact that Damien said his "homeworld" was also being targeted.
His homeworld? Ruyue wasn't stupid enough to not know what he meant by that, she was just too surprised to totally process the fact.
She thought back to their small argument about being well-traveled and realized why he could act so much wiser than her. Still, before she could ponder on it further, she was abruptly pulled into the conversation.
"Since you're both aware of the Nox and the devil worshippers in the world, I have something I want you to take care of. Think of it as a mission." Tian Yang said after receiving her confirmation.
The duo's interest was piqued at the mention of this. Missions were always assigned by the mission hall. That is, unless they were too important to go through such a wide selection process.
For specialized missions that came straight from an elder, especially a Grand Elder like Tian Yang, there had to be something much more important at stake.
"You both must be well aware of the Empyrean Dragon Realm opening in 9 months already. The event isn't too big of a deal in usual times, but with the probability of war on the horizon, this year's entrance holds much more significance.
"I will not go into details at the moment, but if you weren't already aware, the Empyrean Dragon Realm isn't a secret realm as much as it is a hidden world. The entire realm was actually the location of the Empyrean Dragon Palace that ruled the Cloud Plane in ancient times."
This information was new to Damien, but he wasn't exactly surprised. Even in the current world, the Supreme Fairy Paradise was said to reside in a hidden realm. Although, a hidden world seemed to be a much greater version of such a concept.
"The reason I bring this up is simple. There are plenty of forces that are planning to send their youths into the hidden world this time, just like every year. The problem is, we don't know how many of them are in collusion with the Nox.
"If any devil worshippers were allowed to gain an inheritance or legacy from the ancient sect, who knows what could happen. And that's if we don't even mention the true inheritance of the sect.
"The inheritances found thus far have been good enough for the secret realm entrance to be widely anticipated every 5 years when it opens. And even with such consistency, merely 13rd of the world has been explored. And even within that 13rd, only half the treasures have been claimed.
"What I want from you two is simple. I will give you the location where many wicked powers are said to have gathered, and you will investigate.
"As I said, only investigate, nothing more. If the information holds true, there will be many Law Connection powerhouses present. If you find anything of substance, leave immediately and report back.
"And if you get caught, crush these talismans and you'll be transported directly back to this pagoda."
Tian Yang pulled two slips of paper out of his spatial ring. They were both palm-sized and had a series of runic lines on them that seemed to be drawn in ink. Yet, the power of their aura clearly represented their might.
Taking his talisman from Tian Yang, Damien raised a question. "If it's as dangerous as you say, why do you need us to do this?"
"That's even simpler," Ruyue interjected, "wouldn't they be much more on guard if a powerhouse suddenly showed up? Even if we are powerful, our cultivation levels don't reflect it as much.
"As long as we have Chaos rank artifacts to disguise ourselves, we are the best choice for this kind of mission."
Damien nodded in agreement once he heard her reasoning. Indeed, it was a stupid question of him to ask. But his attention was drawn to something else.
"Chaos rank artifacts?"
"That's right," Tian Yang said, "for this mission, I've prepared Chaos rank artifacts for the two of you. Luckily, we already had them in the sect treasury, or I would have been forced to call in a few favors."
The artifacts Tian Yang pulled out were shaped like bracelets with entirely black surfaces. They truly had no defining features, looking as average as an accessory could get.
Looking at the first Chaos Rank artifact that he had ever seen, Damien was a bit disgruntled. He expected something more flashy for a rank with such a domineering name. Not to mention how powerful they were supposed to be.
Looking at his expression, Tian Yang let out a slight chuckle. "Don't be fooled by their mundane appearance. They are disguise artifacts, not weaponry, so naturally they are made to blend in. Their power is still as great as you imagine."
 Damien nodded. He already knew it was like this, he was just slightly discontent. It was just him being an inconvenience more than anything else.
Ignoring Damien's grievance, Tian Yang pulled out the next item he would give them. "This is the final help I'll give you. It's a map of the location I mentioned previously and also the identities that you will be taking on. Furthermore, there is a list of all the potential powerhouses that might be present.
"I'm aware that this mission is serious, but your safety takes priority. If worst comes to pass, I will personally move to ensure that you both stay safe."
The duo nodded solemnly. If Tian Yang was giving this much assurance, there was really nothing for them to worry about.
This kind of mission was a new thing to Damien. They had just been talking about how he always used brute strength to force his way forward, and now he was being put in a situation where he could no longer do so.
He didn't know how he would fare on this mission, especially with its importance, but he wanted to do his best. Not only for the completion of the mission, but also due to the sense of duty he felt.
It was an odd thing, to say the least. He, who never cared for anything besides his own people, felt a sense of duty in the boiling conflict with the Nox.
He was only half lying when he said it was for the sake of his homeworld. While he didn't care about the people residing on the planet, he cared about the world itself.
It was bound to him. He didn't want to think about what would happen if it got destroyed or conquered by a race like the Nox. That connection was much deeper than the other ones he had to the random celestial bodies in the distance.
He had a gut feeling that as he was now, if the earth was destroyed, he'd inevitably die.



Chapter 167 Setting Out 1
Two days had passed since Tian Yang had given Damien and Ruyue their mission, and at the moment, they were busy trying to plan as much as they could.
For the most part, they'd be going in blind, not knowing exactly what they were supposed to be doing. But, the goal of the mission was investigation and reconnaissance, so they couldn't do much about that.
 At most, they could flesh out their disguise personas and figure out who to avoid while they were there.
Looking at the map in front of them, the two had grim expressions on their faces.
"This location…it's the 3000 Beast Mountain Range, isn't it?"
"Yeah, there's no doubt about it. In that kind of location, it'd be a miracle if we survive without protection."
Even with the escape talismans Tian Yang had provided, it was still necessary to be safe. It was unknown what kind of dangers they'd face over the course of their mission, not to mention the talismans were only SSS rank.
Although they were powerful in their own right, if the duo was being pursued by a 4th class expert, there was a chance they could be intercepted.
And if the location of the meeting about to ensue was the 3000 Beast Mountain Range, they needed to be much more cautious than they were previously.
Within the Central Region, there were many notable mountains that were immediately recognizable from a distance. However, even among these, there were some that stood at the top.
The first few one would think of were the Jade Mountain and Star Mountain of the Jade Heavenly Palace and Celestial Star Palace respectively, but these were simply due to their status.
With the vastness of the Central Region which was bigger than some continents back on earth, there were a variety of dangerous areas that caused the deaths of many cultivators.
These danger zones ranged from poisonous swamps to grand canyons filled with spatial wind. And among the plethora of dangers within these zones, there were bound to be fortuitous opportunities as well.
This high-risk high-reward environment was what drew cultivators to these locations, and it was what made their names famous and widespread.
But when it comes to danger, there was a mountain range that eclipsed almost all other danger zones.
This was the 3000 Beast Mountain Range. The range itself didn't boast an incredible size, containing around 50 mountains in total, but that wasn't its main selling point.
After all, it was in the name. When one heard the term "3000 beasts" they wouldn't think much of it. Although it was a large number for any single cultivator to handle, it didn't mean anything in the greater scheme of things.
3000 beasts could be found in any medium-sized forest, even if the level of these beasts was low. For a mountain range to contain this number would seem pathetic.
But that wasn't what the name of the range referred to. In reality, it wasn't that there were only 3000 beasts within the mountain range. Rather, within those 50 towering mountains, there were 3000 beast kings.
4th class existences, some even being in the Law Sea realm.
Naturally, each of these kings had their own army underneath them, causing this mountain range to be infested with a number of beasts that would be unforeseen anywhere else.
Unfortunately, the exact number was never publicized. The 3000 Beast Mountain Range was concealed by a thick fog that blanketed its perimeter, blocking any peering eyes trying to discern what was within it.
The information that people already had about the mountain range was found over the period of many years and many cultivators spreading what they found.
Still, the survival rate of those who entered the mountain range was abysmal. Rarely anyone was able to truly make it out of that hellish environment with their mind intact.
And this was the kind of place Damien and Ruyue would soon be charging into. Even if the meeting grounds were on the perimeter, within the fog on the outskirts, it was still incredibly dangerous to even be in the area.
"Seeing this once again makes me doubt why we are being sent on this mission instead of someone more qualified." Damien sighed.
He loved danger and he loved teetering the line between life and death, but a going to place where thousands of 4th class existences resided? He wasn't stupid enough to put that in the same category.
"But, is there truly anyone more qualified?" Ruyue argued.
And she was correct to some extent. The more Damien thought about it, the fewer people he could think of that could take on the role they were taking.
Within the sect, the only other person he could think of was Long Chen, but that guy was the same as him. He was the kind of person who would go in guns and fighting intent blazing.
He hadn't met any of the Core Disciples, but they were Law Connection realm experts so they were automatically disqualified.
As for the inner court, with him being as strong as Ruyue and her being one of the strongest inner disciples, he didn't really put them in his eyes.
And the Celestial Star Palace was 2nd in terms of power among the great sects. Damien hated that there truly wasn't anyone else that could take this task from them.
"Alright let's not dwell on the topic anymore. The next thing we need to figure out is disguises."
Perhaps Damien was a bit dumb, but it took him a while what it meant for Ruyue to be the little princess of the Xue clan. Her status was immense in this world, even though he blatantly disregarded it.
If she walked around in public, heads would immediately turn. Let alone her status, her beauty was also enough to drive many men insane. There was no way she could be incognito the way she was.
And Damien wasn't any different. Although he didn't have the same status as her, his looks were anything but ordinary. And even if his attractiveness could be attributed to his level, his strange eyes and hair would immediately give away his uniqueness.
"Hmm, we need a backstory, I guess. Not to mention, names. If I have to be honest, my naming sense is trash." He replied, continuing the conversation.
"True. Spatial Collapse? Could you seriously not think of something better than that?"
"Oi, I like that one! It's short and to the point without any uselessness. It's my minimalistic flare."
"It's a lame name. You should learn from me when it comes to this kind of thing."
"Yeah, okay Miss Moon Goddess."
Ruyue's face turned red in embarrassment as she averted her gaze. "T-that one isn't my fault. Its name came from my cultivation technique."
"I totally believe you. Well then, oh great and holy Moon Goddess, how about you come up with some good names for us?"
"Fine, just watch. I'll create disguises so perfect that you won't even be able to recognize me after." Ruyue responded with slightly puffed cheeks.
Damien simply smiled in response. The only reason it had taken them 2 whole days already to come up with all their preparations was due to how often their conversations would devolve like this.
Yet, oddly enough, he couldn't find it in himself to be bothered by it. After all…
'Her pouting expression is pretty damn cute.'



Chapter 168 Setting Out 2
Their discussion continued for the next few hours before Damien returned to his residence. There was nothing else they could possibly plan for, and as they had agreed earlier, Ruyue was in charge of the disguises.
At this point, there was nothing Damien could do besides sit patiently and wait for the next day to come.
He found himself lying on his bed alone for the first time in many months and honestly, he didn't know how to feel about it.
Ever since arriving at the Cloud Plane, he had been moving constantly either by training or going on missions, completely absorbed in the activities he was partaking in.
Perhaps it was a subconscious thing, but he never allowed himself to have time alone like this. He knew what would happen when it came. He would inevitably find himself drowning in his own thoughts.
Well, recently it was mainly self-loathing.
It was this self-loathing that kept him running away from his thoughts, trying his best to ignore his feelings and continue on with his happy everyday life.
And he knew the reason for this. It wasn't that hard to figure out.
'I wronged her.'
Every time he was alone in bed like this, his thoughts would drift towards the woman who had silently supported him ever since they first met.
Even when he made such an outrageous request to separate, even when he was clearly running away from his feelings, she didn't say anything. She continued to support him and wish the best for him from the side.
And every time he thought of her, he would hate his guts for leaving her like that. He knew they were still together and that this was just a small period of separation, but that didn't diminish his guilt in the slightest.
Why should Rose have to deal with his emotional insecurity? Why does he have to affect her with his mood swings? He hated the idea of it.
He didn't want to run away from happiness anymore, but he couldn't find it in himself to embrace it.
'I'm…pathetic.'
Pathetic. It was the only word he could use to describe the current him. He could charge into a valley of death or a sea of corpses with no hesitation, he could face the aura of a 4th class existence and resist with all his might, so why was it that when it came to his love life he was so trash?
Were his trust issues, his abandonment issues, this deeply engrained within his psyche? Was he that broken?
The odd thing was that Damien had never had a romantic relationship before he met Rose. He hadn't even had a fling with another woman. His situation on earth and his one-track mind wouldn't allow it.
Not to mention, with how he would walk around like a homeless person most of the time after the world awakening, there was no girl who would look his way.
He was new to the relationship thing, and even more than that he was new to such dense affection like the one Rose would always show him.
'Think. Think about why it is that I'm so scared to express my love for her.'
That was the thought that kept running through his head. Damien wasn't the type to leave his problems unsolved, especially if he could find the solution with a bit of thinking like so.
He wanted to get to the crux of the problem as soon as possible so he might have hope of fixing himself or at least acknowledging what he needed to fix.
And as his level increased and brought his league up together with it, his memory had become much sharper. He could vividly remember the happy childhood he used to have and the shitty days that came after that.
'That's right, it all began when Dad left.'
His mother was forced to work three times as hard, never having time to show him the motherly love he used to experience daily, he became a laughingstock at school to those children who weren't aware of the concept of boundaries, and he slowly became more introverted.
That was the day his downward spiral began. It was after that day that he subconsciously conditioned himself to run away from affection, knowing that it could disappear in the blink of an eye.
It was after that day that he couldn't trust anyone, the ones he used to spend his days with turning their backs on him.
In the end, the core of his trauma was his family.
'How stupid of me.'
Why was he letting such an old scar take such prevalence in his life now? This life of his was so much different from what it had been previously that it was such a negligible memory.
But that was normal. Trauma wasn't something that would disappear just because you wanted it to, or just because your life turned around.
Damien had never healed his trauma. He hadn't even taken steps towards such a goal. Instead, he did as he was doing now.
'I ran away from my problems.'
For how much he loved to talk big about not leaving problems unsolved, it seemed he had a rich history of running away from such things.
Maybe that was the thing he needed to fix most. Maybe before he could go and meet Rose with utmost confidence, he had to learn to face himself seriously.
When his thoughts came full circle back to Rose, his face slightly contorted into a grimace.
Although what he had previously been thinking about was the main cause of his guilt towards her, it wasn't the only one.
It had been almost 5 months since they separated, and only 4 of those months were spent at the sect. During that time, how much had he thought about her?
How much had he missed her?
He felt like he was belittling her position in his heart by avoiding even the subject of her like this.
And there was another thing as well. He was beginning to…
'No. Let's not think about that.'
He immediately suppressed those feelings the second they appeared in his mind, trying to deny them with all his might.
Even if he couldn't deny them, he at least had to suppress them so they wouldn't interfere with both his daily and romantic life.
"Agh, why does this shit have to be so complicated?"
He covered his face with his hands, shaking his head furiously. Was love like this for everyone?
'I'm tired.'
It wasn't physical exhaustion at all. He had just been forcing himself to think about too many things over the past few months. Not even including his personal problems, he had been forced to think about the Nox more than he would like.
"A damn alien invasion. It sounds awesome on paper but why does it have to bring me so much work?"
If he could choose, he would just go to the secret realm and then explore another world. Maybe he would also check out a few danger zones before he did so.
But no, it seemed the universe had other plans for him, seeing how the Nox would pop up in one way or another everywhere he went.
'It's not like I can do anything about it, they're literally aiming for universal conquest.'
Shaking his head once more, Damien started succumbing to his exhaustion. He needed to clear his mental fatigue before tomorrow since he couldn't screw up on this mission.
 'Ugh. Life is so damn complicated.'
It was the last thought that streaked through his mind before he finally drifted into a deep slumber.



Chapter 169 Minor Delays 1
When Damien woke up the next day, he was feeling much more refreshed. It was as if a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders.
Even as cultivators, whose need for mundane things like sleep would diminish largely as they gained power, mental exhaustion was something they needed to keep track of.
Not taking proper care of mental health could lead to many complications, even hindering one's ability in battle.
After stretching his body lightly, Damien got dressed and made his way over to Ruyue's residence, where they would make the final preparations and don their disguises before leaving.
Standing in front of her house in the inner court, Damien knocked on the door before waiting patiently for her to answer. He could hear the sound of items clattering around inside before the door was opened.
"Did you wait long?" Ruyue asked as she stepped to the side, allowing Damien into her house.
"No, just got here." He said while stealing glances at her appearance.
At the moment, Ruyue wasn't wearing the normal sect robes that he was used to seeing her in, rather she was wearing a more casual set that one would wear for comfortability.
Her hair was slightly messy as well, making it evident that she had just woken up. Seeing the senior sister who always loved to appear perfect in such an appearance made Damien feel some type of way.
Naturally, Ruyue noticed his gaze and realized why he was acting in such a way, causing a slight blush to appear on her cheeks due to embarrassment.
"Stop staring so much. I was just too busy working on our disguises to care about my appearance right now."
Damien smiled teasingly before averting his gaze. Now wasn't the time for them to play around.
"And so? What are the genius disguises that you promised me you'll make?"
Ruyue nodded before taking out the two Chaos rank disguise artifacts, tossing one to Damien.
"Here, put this on."
Damien caught the artifact and did as he was told, feeling the effects right away. His height and even his body structure reduced a bit, his hair and eyes changing as well. It was almost like he truly became a different person.
Looking over at Ruyue, he noticed the same happening to her. Her silver hair became painted black and the gold in her eyes began to fade.
"For the duration of the mission, you will be Zhen Fang and I will be Xiao Li. We are rogue cultivators who were desperate in finding a sect to join, but to no avail.
"After many years, we decided that the unfairness of the cultivation world was too much, so we joined a wicked sect to cultivate quicker and more efficiently. Still, we held on to the small amount of morals we still had and made sure to stick together as much as we could."
"Hm? The story makes sense, but why would we stick together everywhere? What is our connection?" Damien questioned.
It was common for people to defect to wicked sects simply for the sake of gaining power faster. Not everyone within them was inherently evil.
The cultivation world was one that favored the talented. And for those without talents, there weren't many paths they could take. Many of them would end up on a crueler path simply due to these reasons.
But it was definitely rare for people to hold true relationships when they go through experiences like that. Especially when their minds start being corrupted by their cultivation manuals.
"T-that…" Ruyue trailed off, unsure of how to answer his question.
As Damien looked at her, pressing for an answer, she did her best to avert her gaze, not looking at his face.
"We are…" she trailed off, her voice becoming fainter with every word until Damien could barely hear what she said at the end.
But with his hearing ability, there was no way he would miss it. And once he knew what she said, his eyes widened in shock.
'We are lovers.'
The words reverberated in his mind, shocking him to his core. But he quickly regained his bearings, a sly smile creeping up on his face.
"Oh? What did you say? I didn't quite hear you at the end there."
"S-shut up! I know you heard me!"
"I really didn't though? Oh well, I guess I will go into this mission unaware of such an important fact. What a shame, what a shame." Damien groaned with a destitute expression on his face.
He covered his eyes with his hands, continuing with his complaints. Perhaps he was overacting, but he didn't care. This was incredibly fun.
"Ahh, when they ask me what my relationship is with you, I won't be able to answer! What if they pull us apart for questioning and our stories don't line up! Oh, how the heavens have failed me! How could you-"
Ruyue finally broke, unable to endure his acting anymore. "F-fine! We are lovers! There, I said it! Happy?!"
Damien grinned mischievously at the furiously blushing Ruyue. "Oh, what is this? But I already have a woman, you know? What an atrocious act of infidelity this is!"
A small blast of lunar energy shot towards Damien, which he deftly dodged, his smile never fading.
"It's for the mission! Who wants to be your woman anyway!"
"Oh? Then why did you choose such a relationship between us?"
"Hmph, isn't that obvious? There are so many lustful men out there who don't even care about a woman's appearance before they try to forcefully take her. I'm using you as a meat shield, that's it."
"A very handsome meat shield, of course."
"No no, definitely not handsome at all. A meat shield that looks like a pig for sure."
Although he teased her for it, he agreed with her reasoning for such a disguise. The only thing that felt strange was how half-hearted she was when she said it, almost as if she was making it up on the spot.
Either way, he didn't dwell on it much, opting to tease her as much as he could instead. This flustered side of her was something that only he could see.
Such a fact made a strange feeling well up in his heart, but he chose to ignore that as well.
And like this, their departure time ended up being delayed by a few more hours.
***
The vast plains of the Central Region we're surrounded by a plethora of towering mountains that almost seemed to blot out the sky.
And on these mountains and even throughout the plains themselves, there were plenty of towns and cities where the common populace of the Central Continent resided.
The largest of these cities had a surface area equal to some medium-sized states in America, spanning farther than any city the earth could ever produce.
And outside of the borders of these cities was a land filled with danger and opportunity, a wildland where beasts and nature thrived.
In a particular area of these wildlands, a large beast could be seen rushing through the tall grasses. Its paws made contact with the ground in such a manner that it barely made a sound.
 The beast looked like a panther, with sleek black fur covering its entire body, a cat-like tail, and sharp blue eyes.
Surprisingly, there were two people mounted atop this charging beast.
"Li'er, how much time do you think it'll take for us to arrive at our destination?" The man among them said.
His appearance was as plain as one could get. He had short brown hair parted to the right and eyes of a similar color. He was around 6 feet tall, and it was evident he put work into training his body.
The girl he was talking to blushed at his form of address, but still answered his question.
"It should take us another week on this beast. It's not nearly as fast as yours, Brother Fang."
She wasn't much shorter than the man she was talking to, being around 5 feet 9 inches tall, and her appearance was similarly average. She had long black hair cascading down to the middle of her back and light green eyes.
These were the disguises Damien and Ruyue had donned for their mission, and for the sake of getting used to their new dynamic, they opted to use the common terms of endearment used by couples in the Cloud Plane.
"Well, it's not like we're in a rush. Plus, Zara is too eye-catching to be riding her on a reconnaissance mission."
Ruyue nodded. The wolf in Damien's shadow had an appearance that practically screamed its rarity. Especially the multiple tails that grew in number every time she ranked up.
Suddenly, Ruyue made a suggestion. "Since we aren't in a rush, how about we do some hunting and leveling up on our way?"
Damien smiled at the suggestion. His gaze became predatory as he looked at the pack of beasts that was trying to stealthily surround them.
"Sounds like a great idea to me."



Chapter 170 Minor Delays 2
From what Damien could sense, none of these beasts were that special, all being around the same level as him, yet they still had the nerve to stalk him and Ruyue like prey.
In fact, there wasn't even one among them with considerable strength to be called a leader.
'Maybe this is just a small part of the pack?'
In the end, it didn't really matter. The only thing these beasts were to him were levels.
As if realizing that they had been spotted, the group of 15 beasts stopped hiding and showed themselves to the duo in full force. They were feline, similar to the panther they were mounted on, but their fur was a dark orange color.
Damien looked at Ruyue, who nodded back at him before they both charged in opposite directions. They would split the beasts as such.
The battle started immediately. Ruyue summoned a blue fire atop her palm before slicing in a horizontal fashion, causing a wide arc of light to sweep towards the 7 beasts she had taken.
Meanwhile, Damien flashed forward with streaks of black lightning streaking across his body, making a similar motion.
 Boom!
Two simultaneous explosions rang out along with the howls of the beasts. Although there were a few that were laced with pain, the rest were of rage.
These beasts weren't weak by any means, so they were easily able to dodge.
Glaring ferociously at the duo, the beasts charged forward, flames erupting from their orange fur. The ones at the forefront opened their mouths and shot breaths of flame towards their opponents.
Damien deftly dodged what he could, creating a barrier out of lightning to block the rest. He let the lightning course through his veins before entering his muscles and tendons, boosting his speed.
He pressed his foot to the ground, causing cracks to appear as he flashed away. When he reappeared, he was directly next to the beast in front of the rest.
A ball of lightning was charged in his hand as he crashed it downwards, slamming it onto the beast's head. Without suspense, it exploded, leaving a gaping hole in its wake.
The light dimmed from the beast's eyes as it fell lifelessly to the floor, but before Damien could do anything else, two others pounced at him from both sides.
He twisted his body, avoiding their jaws, but a third beast stealthily appeared behind him, slashing its flaming paw at his back.
Even though his eyes had warned him about the sneak attack, he wasn't in any position to dodge. If he tried to speed in another direction, he might break his back due to the uncomfortable angle he was currently at.
The claw sunk into Damien's flesh, dragging scars along his back while sending blazing heat into his body.
"Argh!" Without any other choice, he discharged a massive field of lightning in every direction, attempting to push the beasts away.
The two at his sides were paralyzed for a moment, but the one who was still attached to his back received the worst impact. Its fur was singed and its eyes had rolled back, foam coming out of its mouth.
Finally having breathing room to move again, Damien grabbed the beast and ripped its claws out of his back, breaking its legs before throwing it towards the other four that were waiting for a chance to attack.
As for the two paralyzed beasts on his sides, he directly stomped on their heads, crushing their skulls.
Ruyue's battle was a bit different. Rather than a close combat clash like Damien's, hers was a battle of flames.
Her blueish white iceflames coursed through the surroundings, leaving a flaming trail of freezing cold in their wake as they met with the orange flames of the beasts.
She coalesced her new flames into spears, sending them towards the 7 beasts she was fighting with precise accuracy.
But the beasts didn't have such control over their flames. Unlike Ruyue, they couldn't form weapons or constructs using their elements.
They tried to combat her flying spears with their flame-coated paws and breath attacks, but they simply couldn't compare. After all, Ruyue's flames were much more concentrated than theirs.
The spears pierced through their defenses, impacting the torsos and legs of the beasts. Almost all of her opponents were immobilized, but there were still a few who dodged.
They surrounded Ruyue, growling in fury as they discharged waves of flames in her direction. With them coming from every direction, Ruyue was trapped within a dome of fire.
But her expression remained calm, the only emotion felt from her being the iciness of her gaze.
A silvery essence leaked from her body, combining with the ice flames surrounding her before she let out a similar wave of flames, mimicking the 360-degree attack that Damien released a few moments prior.
When the two flame waves met, a large explosion resounded through the area. The biting cold of her flames and the heat of the beasts' met, causing the air to combust.
The 4 beasts around her were sent flying by the winds that were released by the combustion while Ruyue held her ground, using the spear she pulled out of her spatial ring as an anchor.
It wasn't the spear she used when fighting Damien, however, it was a silver spear that was of an obviously lower grade.
The spear almost bent under pressure but managed to hold its ground. And when the dust cleared up, Ruyue walked towards the incapacitated beasts, ending their pathetic lives.
With her battle finished, she looked over towards Damien who was similarly finishing up.
Beams of lightning were being shot from his palm, accurately piercing the heads of the last 4 beasts whose legs had already been broken while she was occupied.
Waves of experience entered their bodies as they smiled at each other. It was the first time they had fought together, and even though they didn't necessarily work as a team, they were able to fight efficiently without hindering each other.
It was definitely a good start.
As they regrouped and were about to mount the panther beast to continue their journey, a sudden scream stopped them in their tracks.
"Someone help, please!"
It was a girl's voice, obviously immature. Damien spread his awareness in that direction, his mana sense being able to cover a massive area, and he was able to grasp the situation.
"There are about 40 more of these beasts over there, with one being even stronger than you. That must be where the rest of the pack is."
Ruyue nodded. "And the scream?"
"The pack is surrounding a group of teenagers. There are 10 of them and none look over the age of 17. As for the scream, one of the girls is holding onto a wounded boy. Looks like he tried to fight."
If they were kids as Damien said, they obviously wouldn't have the strength to fight against an entire pack of 3rd class beasts.
"Should we save them?" Ruyue asked.
"Do you want to?" Damien questioned back. He honestly didn't care whether they lived or died, but the beasts would be enough to push him into the level 120s, so he wouldn't mind fighting some more.
Ruyue nodded once more. "They are just children. Even if I couldn't care less if other people die, kids should be spared from such cruelties."
Damien averted his gaze. He wanted to pretend as if he didn't give those kids a death sentence in his mind only a second ago.
"If that's the case, then let's go. Either way, it means we get some levels."
With the decision made, the two moved, intending to stop the soon-to-be massacre.



Chapter 171 Minor Delays 3
"Please stop! Why must you do this to us?!" A little girl cried with tears streaking down her face.
In her arms, there was a boy around the same age as her with a seared wound across the entirety of his chest.
"Our village has lived in harmony with all of you for so many years! Why must you target us now?!" The little girl continued, her wails becoming even louder.
However, the beast in front of her showed no pity. Instead, a twisted smile crept up its face.
"Why, you ask? Well isn't that simple? It's because it's fun, of course! It's oh so very fun!"
The girl's face contorted in anger, but her expression quickly crumpled. The situation was hopeless. She could only wait for death.
The others around her were the same. In fact, they didn't even have the nerve to say anything in the first place. They stood in shock as their legs threatened to give up.
One of them even had a faint trickle of yellow liquid running down their leg, but none of the others would make fun of him for it. They were in the same situation.
"Yes! Yes! That's the look I want to see! Despair, humans! This is the natural order!" The beast laughed maniacally.
"So what if that damn ruler of the forest says we must not harm you humans? You are nothing but livestock to us!!"
The pack of beasts slowly closed their encirclement, taking their sweet time to kill the children. Even if only their leader was talking, they all shared the same enjoyment as him.
"Ling'er, there's no use holding me. Please get up and run away. Maybe I can use the last of my life to distract them for a bit." The boy in her arms said weakly.
"No! When we were kids, I promised I would stay by your side forever! I won't lose you, brother Cheng!" She cried, hugging him closer.
But the beasts cared not for their drama. As the leader decided it was time to start killing them off, two streaks of light, one black and one blue, exited the forest to their left.
BOOM!
The streaks of light charged into the pack of beasts and created thunderous explosions on impact, shocking not only the group of teens, but also the beasts themselves.
"Oi oi oi, isn't it a little pathetic to be picking on kids like this?" A voice rang out from within the billowing cloud of dust.
"That's right. these little beasts ought to be taught a lesson, don't they?" A woman's voice added from the second dust cloud.
"Of course. Arrogant little shits like them need to be put in their place. Though, I don't think they'd have a chance to repent after they become mincemeat." The man responded.
As the dust cleared up, two figures were revealed. Although their appearances were plain enough to pass over at a glance, the terrifying auras they radiated couldn't be ignored.
"Now then," the man continued, black lightning crackling through his surroundings, "how about we clean things up here?"
"With pleasure."
The teens could only stand frozen in shock and watch as the crowd of beasts that had been terrorizing them was turned into corpses littering the ground.
The man used horrendous lightning, pummeling the beasts into the ground and crushing their bodies with his physical strength. His fighting style was so raw that he could almost be mistaken for a beast himself.
Meanwhile, the woman fought with unparalleled elegance. The blue fire emitting from her caused the atmospheric temperature to drop many degrees as the beasts around her were reduced to cinders.
It didn't take long at all for the 40 or so beasts around the group to reduce in number, with only the leader left standing.
Although he should have helped his pack in getting rid of the newcomers, he wasn't in the correct mental state to do so.
"These two! Just where did they come from! That man said all the humans in this forest were weaklings!"
He was practically shivering in fear, his eyes trembling as he slowly backed away. He was trying his best to flee before the duo noticed he was gone.
His steps were as light as air, making no sound as he backtracked towards the bush behind him. But before he could enter it and run for his life…
"Where do you think you're going?"
The voice colder than ice was like a devil whispering in his ear.
'Just one more step!'
He was right there. If he was just able to move slightly further, he would be able to escape before they finished killing off his minions. He even ignored the man's piercing voice that indicated he was already discovered.
At that moment, a primal and horrifying killing intent locked onto him. It was so fierce that it was almost palpable.
'T-this!'
The leader couldn't move. Even if he had lived many tens of years, even he hadn't accumulated a killing intent as strong as this one.
No matter how he tried to run, no matter how he tried to even move a single muscle, it was impossible.
'W-what is this?'
It was like the aura of a beast. An aura even fiercer than any beast he had ever met and more horrendous than even the man who made him submit.
The pack leader raised his head with difficulty, trying to see what was going on in front of him, but he was met with only a pair of deep red eyes that made even his soul quake in fear.
"Didn't you hear me the first time?" The man said once again. "Where. Do. You. Think. You're. Going."
It was no longer a question. He no longer felt he had a path to survival. The beast felt the command in those words.
'Stay right here until I tell you to move.'
Based on pure aura alone, the beast knew he was stronger than the man who was trying to command him. Yet… Yet!
'My body won't listen to me!'
He was forced to wait patiently and watch as his brethren were slaughtered. Even if he didn't care about them that much, he knew that it was his fate next.
And after the last one had died, the two who had caused this calamity to befall him looked in his direction.
"M-my lord, this is just a misunderstanding. Please spare me."
Damien and Ruyue looked at each other and smirked.
"Oh really? This is just a misunderstanding huh?"
"Y-yes! You see, we were just playing a joke on those kids! There is actually a rule in this forest that we must not attack the humans residing in the village! I would never try to truly harm them!"
"Is that so? I guess it really was a misunderstanding then."
The beast smiled slightly. 'This is it! I might be able to live!'
"But isn't this fun?"
"I-I'm sorry?"
"I said, isn't this fun? Seeing a beast like you despair. Seeing you cower in front of me. Isn't it fun?"
The beast slowly became drenched in a cold sweat as the man approached it.
"Isn't this the natural order? You see, I'm similar to you. I just love seeing filthy and arrogant beasts like you tremble in front of me."
The beast knew what was going to happen the second the man arrived in front of him. He knew, but he could do nothing about it. His aura, his flames, all of it seemed to be sealed in front of that bestial command that was uttered previously.
 "Well," the man continued, "there's no reason for me to explain myself to you since you'll be dead soon anyway."
The beast was trembling. It could do nothing in front of the massive illusive pair of glowing red eyes that bore down upon him.
And suddenly…
Its field of vision flipped 180 degrees. The last thing it would ever see being the upside-down face of that terrifying man with a vicious smile plastered across his face.



Chapter 172 Minor Delays 4
"Phew…" Damien let out a light sigh as he wiped the sweat off his brow.
He might've made it seem easy killing the pack leader like that but to forcefully grab its head and twist its neck was a much harder task than he expected.
First of all, he was weaker than the pack leader to begin with. It would be a miracle if he suddenly had the strength to pull such a move, and secondly, he was forced to slightly distort space to pull off his prior actions.
The latter was a bit troublesome since he was hiding his spatial affinity in case someone decided to dive into their backgrounds when they reached the meeting ground. Still, he believed that he had disguised it well enough to be unnoticeable.
Not to mention, using his aura suppression in such a way was a bit mentally tiring. To be exact, it was using his killing intent alone.
Usually, his killing intent was naturally incorporated into his aura whenever he released it, so he never bothered to isolate it.
But for the purpose of suppressing the pack leader with his most bestial aura, he had done so today. It wasn't a particularly strenuous process, but it took more effort than simply releasing his entire aura.
In the end, though, it was worth it. His level had jumped all the way to 125, leaving him 14th of the way through 3rd class.
"B-benefactors!"
A trembling voice snapped Damien out of his thoughts. His gaze refocused on the little girl from before.
"Hm?"
Noticing his gaze, the girl couldn't help but feel fear. She had seen how he effortlessly killed a beast that was stronger than she could ever imagine, and she had heard the terrifyingly cold words he had uttered before he had done so.
How could she not be scared? To her who grew up in such an isolated environment where beasts and humans had a mutual agreement for peace, he was akin to a demon from hell.
"Did you have something to say?" A much gentler voice came from behind her. When she turned around, she saw the woman from before looking at her with encouraging eyes.
With most of the attention during the previous fight being on Damien due to his domineering actions, Ruyue's visage was like an angel to them. And since the corpses around her had been reduced to ash rather than gruesomely pummeled, this image was further enhanced.
"M-my friend! Brother Cheng is dying! Please, I beg of you! Please save him!"
Ruyue looked at the boy in the girl's arms whose body had already gone limp before sighing lightly.
She took out a small pill from her spatial ring and threw it at the girl. "Just give him this. It should at least heal the worst of the damage. The rest can be healed naturally."
"Thank you! Thank you!" The girl cried as the caught the pill as gently as possible. She held onto it as if it was a divine treasure, afraid of harming it as she carefully placed it in the boy's mouth.
Her cries only became louder as she noticed the bloody scar on the boy's chest begin to close.
As the girl continued to watch over her friend, Ruyue approached Damien.
"Conceal your aura again, idiot. You're scaring the hell out of them."
Damien raised his brow before realizing that his killing intent was leaking. As he ended up in thought after killing the pack leader, he had totally forgotten about it.
"No wonder she was staring at me like some kind of monster." He said as he reeled it in.
"As if that's the reason. Look at how brutally you killed those beasts in front of them. Obviously, they'd be scared of a brute like you."
"I have no idea what you're talking about." Damien replied, feigning ignorance, "you should count yourself lucky they didn't see how you were killing those things."
Ruyue's methods, while outwardly elegant, were just as ruthless as his own. The piercing cold of her iceflames would infect the beasts before the heat it also produced would melt them from the inside.
 Damien shuddered just thinking about it. "These kids are lucky they're too level to know they're in the presence of a demoness."
"Who are you calling a demoness, you damn fool!"
"You of course! Do you see anyone else around here so ruthless?" He replied while looking around in an exaggerated fashion.
"No, all I see around here is your ugly face. How sad that I have to spend so much time around it."
"Hm? You're staring at my face that much? I know I'm incredibly handsome but if you say it like that you'll make me blush."
As the two continued their normal squabbles, the boy who had just been fed a healing pill slowly opened his eyes.
Groggily looking around, his eyes widened in shock. "L-Ling'er?"
"Brother Cheng!" The girl yelled as she hugged the boy tightly. "I thought I'd never see you again!"
"M-me too. I'm…alive?"
"That's right! Those esteemed cultivators over there saved you!"
Brother Cheng looked over at Damien and Ruyue who were still arguing before his gaze shifted to the beast corpses that littered the ground.
"T-they killed all of those beasts?!" He exclaimed.
"Shh! Don't bother the esteemed cultivators! They are our benefactors!"
"R-right." Brother Cheng nodded as he tried to stand up, although he still needed help from Ling'er to do so.
Noticing their movement, Damien and Ruyue also looked over.
"It looks like you guys are fine now," Damien said as he looked at the other teens in the group.
"Right, then I guess it's about time we take our leave." Ruyue continued.
But before they could move, Ling'er spoke up. "W-wait! If you don't mind, could you accompany us to the village so we can properly thank you?"
Damien and Ruyue looked at each other questioningly. Truthfully, neither of them cared about any receiving thanks or pleasantries like that.
Noticing that they were planning to reject, Brother Cheng also spoke up. "Please, I haven't even had the chance to thank benefactors for saving my life. We would truly appreciate it if you came to our village."
With the main two speaking their opinions, the other 8 also regained their ability to talk, expressing the same intention.
And seeing the pleading look in their eyes, Ruyue slightly caved. "I guess we do need a place to rest tonight."
Damien was surprised by her willingness, but in the end, he just shrugged. Just like before when Ruyue chose to help the kids, he didn't really care what they did.
"Truly thank you." The girl said before her eyes widened. "That's right! We haven't even properly introduced ourselves yet! My name is Su Ling'er and this is Yan Cheng."
The others also proceeded to introduce themselves.
"Mm. You can call me Xiao Li and this is my D-Dao companion, Zhen Fang." Ruyue replied with a slight stutter.
And with introductions out of the way, the group began to walk back to the village they came from with Damien and Ruyue in tow, telling them about how they ended up in such a perilous situation.



Chapter 173 Village Problems 1
As it turns out, the group Damien and Ruyue were with at the moment was just one of many that had left the village today.
In fact, it was a normal thing for many groups to leave in search of herbs and plants to supply the village with their food source.
With them having a sort of non-aggression pact with the beasts in the forest, they had become accustomed to an entirely vegetarian diet.
This particular fact, although seemingly mundane, was one that piqued Damien's interest. After all, he had to eat beasts to evolve and grow stronger, so he didn't realize it was even possible to live on such a diet.
But his question was answered soon.
"The plants in the forest have also been affected by mana. They reproduce and grow using the ambient mana in the air in addition to the usual sunlight and water that they need. These plants are more than nutritious enough to sustain us."
That was right. With how little interaction he had with plant life forms, he had almost forgotten this fact.
Plants were also beings who could evolve and level up just like the rest of the being underneath the system. It was just that it usually took them hundreds of years to do what humans could do in a few decades.
For this reason, Damien hadn't seen that many hostile plant lifeforms. Although, he did have a faint memory of cutting a few down when he was in the disciple examination. It was just that he was in his Void Heart mode at that time, so he didn't pay them much mind.
As they continued to talk, the teens told Damien and Ruyue about how they were doing this job they did every day when suddenly they were surrounded by that pack of beasts.
It shocked them immensely, being something they had never encountered with all beasts around them being civil, and that led to their situation when the duo arrived.
'Not only that, but they also have an abysmal level of strength.'
It wasn't like they were talentless and growing slowly, rather it was like they didn't grow at all. These kids were still at the very beginning stages of 1st class, not even passing level 50 yet.
As for how they managed to survive until Damien and Ruyue arrived? That was simple. The beasts had never seriously tried to kill them, choosing to play with their food instead.
'It's actually a pretty common trend I've seen.' Damien mused. Whether he looked back to the sea dragon he had fought upon entry to the Cloud Plane, or even further back to the very first wolf that allowed him to evolve, they each had chosen to toy with him before actually taking the fight seriously.
And by that point, he was already at an advantage. He didn't understand exactly what it was within a beast that made it choose such a stupid action, but in the end, he could sort of relate.
'Don't I sometimes do the same?'
Perhaps it wasn't on the same scale since Damien didn't go around killing everything he saw, but even if he looked at the tournament back when he was still on Apeiron, didn't he have fun playing with his competitors?
If he wanted to, he could've ended the entire thing from the very beginning if he just activated his vector field. The only limit to that skill was its inability to be used on those at the same level or stronger than him, but none of those competitors reached such a level.
But he didn't get the chance to mull on it for too long. Ruyue pinched his side, bringing his attention back to reality where they had already reached the front of a small village.
 Its size was nothing much, fitting 500-1000 people at most, and its structure was similar. There were only 4 dirt paths in a square shape with shacks and huts made primarily out of wood lining them.
In the center of the village, in the middle of the intersection of the 4 roads, there was a group of buildings that were built slightly larger than the rest. Though, the difference wasn't anything major.
The streets themselves were relatively empty, making it seem like a ghost town. Well, that was what it was like at first.
"Everyone! We're home!" Ling'er yelled as they entered the small gate of the village. Her voice rang through the surroundings, bouncing off the walls of the houses. And immediately, a clamor rose up from within those seemingly empty houses.
"Did you hear?"
"Yeah, they're back!"
"Was that little Ling'er?"
"It was! It was!"
"Then what are we waiting for? Let's go greet her!"
"That's right!"
The doors to all the houses in the vicinity opened up and people began to flood out of them.
Whether old or young, sick or healthy, they all rushed towards the entrance to greet the group that had just returned.
"Ling'er! It's really you!"
"How have you guys been? No problems this time?"
"Oh my! Little Cheng did you get hurt?!"
"What happened to Little Cheng??"
The crowd immediately barraged the group with questions, becoming even more frantic when they saw Yan Cheng's bloodied robe.
Ling'er was a bit flustered, but not by much. This was a generally normal scene to see in the village. Even if they lived in harmony with the beasts, it was only due to the current Lord of this region's command.
They could never help themselves from being concerned in case something truly happened.
"Guys! It's okay! We are just fine! But we have something we urgently need to talk to the village elders about!" She yelled, grabbing everyone's attention.
It was only once they calmed down that they finally noticed the two new faces in the back of the group.
"Ling'er! Who are they?"
"They are our benefactors. Everyone, please give us some space first. We will come and let you all know what happened afterwards."
Seeing the serious expression on Ling'er's face, the villagers reluctantly made a path towards the shack in the middle of the village. All the while, their eyes were still focused on Damien and Ruyue.
However, the duo was no stranger to many gazes being focused on them. Ruyue was an important figure of one of the 4 great clans and Damien was…well he always tended to show off and gather attention on himself.
The duo simply smiled kindly towards the villagers they passed as they followed Ling'er.
Arriving at the foremost hut in the middle of the village, Ling'er knocked before asking in a much more polite tone than she used for the villagers.
"Head Elder, please allow us to come inside. We have very important matters to tell you of."
"Come."
The response was instant. The aged voice of a woman answered Ling'er's query as the door to the hut lightly swung open.
Entering inside, Damien noticed that there was something odd in the air. Rather, there was something off about the mana within this enclosed space.
The windows were all tightly sealed and even when the door opened it didn't seem like it had truly opened, as none of the mana trapped within this room was allowed out.
And in the center of this odd atmosphere sat a wrinkled old woman with a gentle smile on her face.



Chapter 174 Village Problems 2
"Welcome, travelers to our humble village. I hope we haven't bothered you too much." The elderly woman said softly, inviting them to sit across from her.
There was hardly any furniture in the room, with the small table in front of the woman being the centerpiece, but Damien had no problem with this. He went and sat on one of the cushions surrounding the table while Ruyue followed suit, sitting down next to him.
Ling'er and Yan Cheng did the same, sitting on the opposite side of them.
"Nice to meet you," Damien said, "my name is Zhen Fang and this is my wife, Xiao Li."
The old woman nodded without much thought. "No need for a reintroduction, as I have heard it the first time. As for me, you can simply call me Elder Baba."
Damien raised his brow questioningly, wondering how she could have heard it when they had introduced themselves far from the village, but he suppressed his doubts. It was already evident that something strange was going on here.
"Oho, you seem to be a curious young man, aren't you." Elder Baba said with a smile, noticing his expression.
"Ah, it can't be helped. After all, the mana in this room is too strange for me to not be curious."
This time, it was the elder's turn to be surprised. "Your insights are much sharper than I'd expected."
"It's nothing much."
The elder looked at him deeply before turning to Ling'er once more. "You said you had something to discuss with me?"
"Ah, that's right!" She exclaimed.
"Elder! We were attacked by beasts on our gathering trip today! If it wasn't for esteemed cultivators, we would have surely died gruesome deaths!"
Elder Baba raised her brow before looking back towards Damien, who simply shrugged his shoulders in response.
"It's nothing much. We were just passing by."
Ruyue, who had been watching the whole interaction, was especially confused at this point. It was one thing to not want to receive thanks for their deeds, but it was another to adopt such an attitude.
Damien at the moment was acting much more indifferent than should be logical in such a situation. His responses were so curt that they left no room for questioning.
It was almost as if he was trying to draw a line that shouldn't be crossed, or he was trying to avoid staying here for too long.
And to be honest, that was exactly what he was doing. The more time he spent in this room, the more his eyes flashed danger signals in his mind.
The mana in the room continuously tried to invade his body even without his active pull, as if it was trying to scour him or read him.
It was the same strange feeling he had when he first entered the hut, but as time passed it became much more prevalent, allowing him to gain a slight understanding of what was happening to him.
During his time at the Celestial Star Palace, he mainly focused on training himself in the areas he already specialized in. But, he didn't stop there.
The sect had a specialty that was widely known throughout the world. It was a sect that raised Seers. Although he wasn't personally interested in embarking on that path, he didn't think it would hurt him to gain knowledge about it.
Whether he would be able to use that knowledge to his advantage later, or it would allow him to counteract anyone who tried to use such techniques on him, it would still be useful.
It was this research that he was remembering at this moment.
Seers need a medium to foretell the future or destiny of the ones they are trying to read. If it's on a larger scale, such as the fate of a world, such a medium would be the earth itself, but when it was related to a single person or group, something more personal was needed.
But if that person was sitting in front of you, and your mana could infiltrate their body, you'd be able to tell everything about that person.
Well, this wasn't an ability unique to seers, as anyone who could spread their awareness could achieve such a thing. But the results of such actions mean something entirely different to a seer.
With such an in-depth understanding of a person's body, the seer would be able to use their mana as a medium to foretell that person's fate.
And Damien was sure of it. He didn't understand why the mana in the room had such a foreign feeling, as if it was mixed with something it shouldn't, but he was sure about what this elder was trying to do.
The only thing that confused him was why he was the only one being targeted.
He could clearly see the movement of the murky mana in the room, and it was all centered around him. Even though Ruyue was sitting right next to him, it was as if the mana avoided her like the plague.
He didn't know this old woman's intentions, but he didn't care. There was no way he'd let some random stranger take a peek at even a single secret of his.
Especially now that they were taking on other identities for their mission.
 "Damien! Damien!"
He was awoken from his thoughts by Ruyue shaking his shoulder. Apparently, the conversation had been continuing without him while he was ruminating over these things.
And at the same time he was brought back to attention, the mana in the room returned to its static state, unmoving.
"Thank you for the information," Ruyue said as she gave a slight bow to the elder, "we will be leaving now, but we will make sure to take care of the problem before we continue our journey."
Without another word, she grabbed Damien and dragged him out of the hut, and then proceeded to walk him out of the village entirely.
"What was that?!" She demanded after they had reached a far enough distance away.
"What was what?" He asked.
"Do you really not know? Or are you just pretending not to know?!"
"No, I seriously have no idea what's going on."
Ruyue sighed while massaging her forehead. "The whole time we were there, you were staring at the elder with murder in your eyes. It looked like if I didn't take you out of there at that moment, you really would have killed her."
"Huh? What are you talking about? I wasn't planning to kill her at all."
"What?"
"Yeah, I'm serious. That whole time, I was combatting that old hag's mana that kept trying to invade my body. There's no doubt about it."
"What are you talking about? That woman didn't even have a cultivation base!!"
"Huh? Then what was that murky mana that was encapsulating the entire hut? It was specifically targeting me, as well."
Ruyue frowned as she thought about it. She didn't sense anything like that while they were there, and the elderly woman didn't give off any suspicious impressions.
Rather, it was Damien that seemed to make the mood in the room plummet.
But she had been with him for many months now and had a pretty good grasp on his personality. First of all, he wouldn't lie about something so stupid, and second, he most definitely had something special that allowed him to perceive mana differently from others.
Her frown deepened as she tried to rationalize things, but it was to no avail.
"Whatever, we can figure it out later. For now, let's get on with the task I accepted from the elder."
"Apparently something is going on in the forest recently, and beasts are becoming wilder. I agreed to find the culprit and try to stop the problem for them."
Damien sighed, feeling like he was getting roped into a bunch of business that he had no part in, but only a second later, his eyes lit up.
'Wait a second…isn't this basically a side quest?'



Chapter 175 Side Quest 1
Side Quests were always fun to do, especially when they had a boring few days of just traveling ahead of them, but Damien knew they couldn't take too much time on this.
Even if they had time before the event began, they still had to get there as soon as possible so they could accurately blend in with the crowd and perhaps even gain some useful information.
At the moment, even if their identities allowed them entry into the event, they wouldn't be able to gain anything substantial.
They were just average sect disciples at the end of the day.
For them to achieve something worthwhile during this mission, they needed to properly infiltrate and earn trust. They only had 9 months until the secret realm opening, and the conference was supposed to last 3 months at most.
Their schedule for the coming year or so was absolutely packed. Even a short excursion like this one would be problematic.
He was sure Ruyue knew this as well since she seemed better at the whole planning thing than he was, but she still decided to do something like this.
"Say, do you perhaps have a soft spot for kids?" He suddenly mentioned, trying to find a reason for her actions.
"No, not particularly. Why do you ask?"
"I mean, why are you going out of your way to help strangers like this when we have much more important tasks to fulfill?"
"Ah, that…"
"Besides, aren't you the senior sister who's always cold and lofty towards everyone else? Is there something about this situation that's different?"
"…"
 Ruyue's brow furrowed once more. Even if she was slightly offended by how he perceived her, she knew he was right. Even she found it odd that she was acting in such a way.
And it wasn't just the village situation. The first time her cold front had been derailed was by the man standing in front of her, though he didn't seem to realize it.
Since that first day they had a lesson together, her world had become more colorful. It almost made her forget about the problems she had before he arrived.
But every time she left his and her master's presence and went about her normal day, she was forced to remember it all by the people around her. She was forced back into that cold front that she always put up.
The way they looked at her like a chess piece to be moved as they pleased, the way people tried to fawn on her so they could gain connection to her clan, she hated it all.
She never liked the spotlight, and if there was one thing she was thankful for, it was that she was born a woman and wouldn't be forced to inherit rulership over the clan.
If she was placed in that sort of position as well, she would have long since fled to somewhere unknown, perhaps even leaving the world entirely.
That was just the kind of person she was. She despised the political schemes and society that she was born into.
But it was different now. She was no longer Xue Ruyue, she no longer had status. She was simply Xiao Li, a rogue cultivator that nobody knew or cared for.
Perhaps, her inner desires were taking precedence due to her change in identity. Maybe it was that she didn't want to be cold anymore.
Seeing the complicated look in Ruyue's eyes that was coupled with a hint of yearning, Damien sighed lightly. It wasn't like he didn't understand where she was coming from, especially after spending so much time with her, but he didn't see this change as something natural.
He didn't want to ruin her mood nor did he want to sour their relationship by being too blunt. And so, he decided that if things were truly the way he thought they were, he'd just let her find out for herself.
His only hope was that she didn't return to being an icy wall in the aftermath.
"Well, it doesn't really matter," Damien said, snapping Ruyue out of her thoughts. "In the end, we don't have much time to complete this little request you've taken, so we should split up and search the forest.
"I remember the leader of that beast pack muttering to himself about some man that forced him to submit, so make sure to keep your eyes out for humans or humanoid races."
"Yeah, the Elder also mentioned something similar," Ruyue added. "Not just a lone man, but a suspicious group has been lurking around this forest recently.
"She was only able to find out through the scouts of the village, but we should be fine; since our strengths far outweigh theirs."
"Don't drop your guard either way." Damien reminded her. "No matter what, you can't just blindly trust the information you were given. Be sure to find something concrete before engaging in combat.
"Also, be sure to contact me when that happens so we can be safe."
Ruyue nodded her head, albeit reluctant that they had to rush, and ran off eastward. Watching her back fade into the distance, Damien once again sighed.
"Let's just get this over with."
The forest they were currently in wasn't actually that large. At most, it was the size of a small state. For those villagers who hadn't taken the time to level up properly, perhaps this distance was immense, but to Damien, it was nothing.
The more he leveled up, the larger his scale of reach was. His destruction prowess had already reached the level where if he put all his mana into it, this whole forest could be razed to the ground.
But that was both inefficient and unnecessary. The only reason he thought about it was so he could get a true grasp of how big his range was now.
Still standing in the same spot he was before Ruyue left, Damien spread his awareness to its utmost.
The entire layout of the forest became clear to him. From the spread of vegetation to the location of every beast pack, it was all within his eyes. And in a particular secluded cave in the forest, he found the human he was looking for.
It was a man about 6 feet 5 inches in height with an incredibly burly build. He was like a tank in human skin. He sat within the cave and chewed on a stalk of grass with a wide grin on his face, seemingly celebrating something.
And while Damien was prepared to teleport over there and deal with the problem immediately, he noticed he did not need to. The man's aura clearly indicated that he was still within the mid-levels of 3rd class, probably at the Core Expansion realm.
And Damien wasn't the only one who had found his location.
Only a few kilometers away from the hidden cave, the lithe and graceful figure of Ruyue could be seen speeding in that direction.
'If she has that taken care of, I guess I can act on that hunch I've been having since we got here.'
Taking one last glance at the Ruyue and the burly man, Damien turned and ran in the opposite direction.



Chapter 176 Side Quest 2
Meanwhile, Ruyue was running at full speed towards a hidden cave she had spotted in the distance.
Although her range didn't match Damien's entirely, it wasn't that far behind. She was still ahead of him in terms of levels.
As she felt the wind brush past her face and heard the trees rustling around her, Ruyue felt oddly at peace. It was a feeling like she didn't truly want to leave this forest and return back to her responsibilities.
But she didn't allow such a feeling to break her mindset, regardless of what her emotions were telling her at the moment, she still had a duty to fulfill.
She had her master who had taken her in and trained her, protecting her from the outside world as much as she could. He was the one who sent her on this mission, and she had no plans of betraying his trust.
Not to mention…
Ruyue shook her head as a slight rosy color emerged on her cheeks.
'What am I even thinking at this kind of time?'
It didn't take her long at all to reach the cave, with a few kilometers distance being nothing to her. The problem was, the location where she sensed the cave wasn't anything special. It was just another part of the forest that looked the exact same as the rest.
But she wouldn't be fooled by something like this. Perhaps if her perception wasn't up to par, this kind of disguise would force her to doubt herself, but that wasn't the case.
As she was about to enter, Ruyue hesitated slightly.
'Be sure to contact me when you find them just to be safe.'
Those were the words he said to her. Glancing at the messaging talisman that was sitting in her spatial ring, Ruyue paused.
She didn't know whether she actually wanted to call him or not. While it warmed her heart that he cared about her safety, she also didn't feel like it was necessary to have him here.
There was only one person within the cave and his level wasn't that far apart from Hera, so she should be able to handle the situation without him.
There were also supposedly more people hiding in the forest, so she thought it might be best if he continued searching for them.
Spreading her awareness to cover the area of the forest she was in, Ruyue noticed that Damien wasn't anywhere nearby.
'It would take him too long to come, so there's no point. Besides, I don't need protection for something minor like this.'
She firmed her resolve, taking her attention away from the messaging talisman before walking forward without hesitation.
Although from an outsider's perspective, it looked like she was simply walking through the forest like normal, it wasn't that simple.
Every once in a while, she'd slightly alter her direction, almost as if she was drunkenly staggering. And by the time she took her 20th step in this manner, the surroundings started to change.
The forest was no more as she had already entered the cave. Her previous movements were to avoid the cues set up to misdirect people who happened to pass by.
Staring into the gnawing darkness in front of her, Ruyue's eyes turned cold.
"What's the point of hiding? You already know I'm aware of your position."
"Ahahaha. It seems like I've been caught. Though, I didn't expect it to be a beauty like you who did so." A rough voice responded.
Out of the darkness emerged the massive figure of the man Damien had seen previously, the stalk of grass still within his mouth.
"So? Did you come to play with me, or is there something else?" He continued, his gaze becoming lewd as he scanned Ruyue's body.
Even in her disguise, her proportions were still above average. It wasn't a surprise that a man like this, who was obviously in his barbaric tendencies, would immediately become lustful.
"Even a child would be smarter than you if you truly think that. I'll make sure that you can't speak such filthy words again once I'm finished here." Ruyue responded in disgust. The tips of her fingers began to glow as blue flames appeared on top of them.
The man grinned widely, grabbing a massive battle axe strapped to his back. "Good! I haven't had a proper battle in a while, so I hope you can entertain me."
The man immediately charged, his footsteps thundering and causing cracks to appear on the cave floor. Ruyue didn't follow suit, however, opting to keep her distance.
She swung her arms upward, causing arcs of flame to shoot in the man's direction.
As if that wasn't enough, ten swords made of the same fire materialized in the air around her before following the previous arcs.
The man halted his advance, his expression becoming more serious as he heavily swung his battle axe.
"Haaa!"
The blade impacted the ground, causing a fissure to form and a pressurized blade of wind to charge towards the arcs of flame trying to consume him.
When the two attacks collided, a small explosion rang out, causing dust to cloud Ruyue's vision. Still, her swords moved unhindered.
They charged towards the man in a group, as Ruyue used her awareness to control them, surrounding the man and attempting to attack him from all sides.
A red aura surrounded his body and his veins began to bulge. He swung his axe wildly, trying to mitigate as much damage as possible.
But he wasn't entirely successful. 3 of the flaming swords managed to pierce the man's body, spreading iceflames across his skin. The red aura around him tried to combat it, but it wasn't totally effective.
While the man was distracted, Ruyue silently rushed along the edge of the dust cloud, concealing herself within the atmosphere.
She calmly approached the man and when she got within 10 feet of him, she made her move.
She put her wrists together and cupped her hands, allowing a beautiful flame to bloom within them.
The flame continued to bud, becoming a palm-sized lotus with 13 petals. But despite its small size, its power was immense enough to attract the man's attention.
He sensed immediate danger in his surroundings, turning to look at Ruyue while ignoring the flames that were still slowly spreading through his body.
The man once again attempted to charge, but Ruyue didn't allow him that opportunity. She lightly threw the flaming lotus in her palm, causing it to flutter through the air.
Its speed seemed as slow as a falling piece of paper, but it reached its target in an instant. And when it made contact…
Boom!
An explosion rocked the cave, causing the walls and ceiling to come crumbling down. Ruyue crossed her arms in front of her, creating a flame shield to protect her from any collateral damage.
The explosion continued for many seconds, and smaller consecutive explosions rang out from each petal she had made as part of the lotus. By the time it had all ended, Ruyue was sure the man was no more.
"What an idiot." She muttered in scorn. That was barely even a battle, more like she just pummeled him into the ground without any effort.
'Wait…How could someone that stupid manage to cause a ruckus within the forest?'
By the time it dawned on her, the dust from the explosion had already cleared up. Standing in front of her was half the body of the man she had just been fighting.
Yes, it was still standing even though it was only the upper half of the body. Rather, the body itself was slowly turning into particles of light.
'He wasn't real!' She exclaimed inwardly as she realized her mistake.
She began to feel a sense of foreboding. Something was happening that she had been unaware of all this time.
 She wanted to rush towards the village as fast as possible to make sure nothing had gone wrong, but at that time…
"You're already too late."
The grinning face of the burly man let out those final words before disappearing into particles.



Chapter 177 Side Quest 3
"You're already too late"
The words rang out in her mind continuously, disallowing her to think of anything else. Too late? Too late for what?
The words made Ruyue painfully aware that she had screwed up at some point, but she couldn't figure out when exactly that was.
'What is happening to me?'
Ever since she arrived in this forest, she had felt like she wasn't being herself. Still, she went along with it because she enjoyed the way it made her feel.
Free and unfettered.
But she realized she was wrong.
'I have to get to the village.'
It was the only solution she could think of. That was the place she had chosen to protect in the first place, so if there was any place to be while trying to figure out what kind of trap she had fallen for, it was there.
She ran towards the cave entrance but found it blocked by rubble from her previous attack. Luckily, she hadn't spent much energy during the previous fight and was able to blast it apart with a smaller variant of the flame lotus she used to kill the burly man.
Immediately after the cave entrance was unsealed, she rushed out and was greeted by a calm moonlight
'What?'
She could have sworn that she was only in the cave for an hour at most, so how did it reach the point where the moon was so high in the sky? At most, the sun should have just recently set.
The discrepancies continued to pile up even though it had only been minutes since she felt that sinking feeling in her chest. She was already starting to panic.
'Right, the messaging talisman.'
If the burly man was nothing but an illusion, the rest of the crew might be the same. Ruyue had to warn Damien, who was most likely chasing after them the same way she did with the man.
She rushed through the lush ecosystem of the forest once more, but her heart was no longer peaceful. She was burning in trepidation, injecting her mana into the talisman to contact Damien.
However…
'Why won't you pick up?'
Regardless of how many times she tried to call him, she received no response.
'You were the one who told me to keep in contact in case of danger, so how can you be silent at such a critical time?'
She felt slightly betrayed but pushed the feeling down. There had to be a reason he wasn't answering. He must be in trouble right now.
She continued running in a linear path, making her way back to the village, but the distance was too far to reach in a short period of time. She was many kilometers away.
But still, she wasn't a 3rd class existence for nothing. Let alone the power boost she received from the moon at nighttime due to her affinity, she also had the new flames she had just awakened.
Flames shot out of her feet like a jet engine and her speed increased manifold. She zoomed through the forest while leaving a trail of permafrost in her wake.
And after 10 minutes of fierce sprinting without care for mana consumption, she finally saw light in the distance.
'It's there!'
She sped up once again, reaching the village in half the time it would have taken her at her previous speed. But when she arrived, she noticed that it was oddly quiet.
It shouldn't have felt odd considering how it was late at night at the moment, but there was an eerie atmosphere hanging in the air that she couldn't ignore.
She slowed down her pace as she entered the wooden gates of the village, heightening her senses and maintaining her wariness towards the surroundings.
Looking side to side, she noticed that most of the houses were still filled with light, even though the silence indicated everywhere.
Ruyue frowned at the sight but continued moving forward. Since the village wasn't large at all, it didn't take her long to reach the center. But when she did, she almost regretted coming back in the first place.
The dirt ground surrounding the central huts where the village elder lived was stained in red. The pungent smell of blood invaded her nostrils as if wanting to force her to continue looking at the scene.
Strewn across the ground were various pieces of bloodied flesh, the largest pieces resembling human limbs. Although such violence wasn't new to Ruyue, this particular scene made her want to vomit.
However, she suppressed her feelings once again and continued forward. The chunks of flesh slowly got larger, before entire upper bodies and heads entered her vision.
'T-those are…!'
She was staring at a particular set of bodies. Their arms were intertwined as if they were hugging, but their heads were both missing. In fact, they were present only a slight distance away.
It was a young girl and boy, both with horror-stricken expressions. The tears that had streaked down their faces when they were still alive were still fresh.
It was Ling'er and Yan Chen that she and Damien had saved when they first arrived in the forest.
It wasn't just them. Various members of the village and even some of the other children that had been a part of that first group could be seen, lifelessly laying on the ground.
Ruyue's steps faltered, tears threatening to appear in her eyes. Even if she had only met them for a brief period, their innocence was something she admired. She felt like she had gained some sort of connection with them.
 But she wasn't going to stop here. She had to figure out what it was that caused this tragedy. She felt a burning flame ignite in her to avenge these innocent people who died today.
"Grrrrr…"
Suddenly, she heard a muffled growl coming from the opposite side of the shack next to her. To her, who wasn't in the right state of mind at the moment, it sounded like the hungry growl of a beast.
Slowly but surely, she made her way around the shack, trying to keep her footsteps as light as possible.
She didn't want to alert whatever beast was lurking around the corner until she had verified its strength.
But when she finally made it to the other side of the shack…
Two figures could be seen. One standing tall while the other being only up the other's waist. The strange thing was, they were both humans.
The tall figure had his hand wrapped around the smaller one's neck, evidently choking it.
"Grrr…"
Once again, the growl rang out, and it was clear it came from the taller figure. Ruyue concentrated her gaze on them, but she couldn't see them in this darkness.
And as if responding to her wish, the moonlight shifted gradually, shining light on the scene in front of her.
Copious amounts of blood covered the figures of both individuals, to the point where it was obvious it wasn't entirely their own.
The tall figure had elongated fingers that looked more like claws digging into the smaller one's neck. Even more blood was pouring out of wounds on both of their bodies, with the smaller one being more injured.
With this level of gore, Ruyue could barely tell the identity of the two figures. That is, until the moonlight fully illuminated the area.
In front of her eyes was a man with an unforgettable pair of amethyst-red eyes and cross-shaped pupils, in the process of killing the kind Elder Baba she had met only a day prior.



Chapter 178 Side Quest 4
Ruyue stared in shock at the scene of her Junior brother strangling the kind Village Elder she had agreed to help before they left the village.
She couldn't understand what was happening. Her emotions were in such turmoil that she could barely think straight.
Blood everywhere, holding an innocent by her throat. The image that was painted in Ruyue's eyes was clear.
"Y-you…"
She looked at Damien in disbelief, trying to get the words out. 'You killed them all?'
She wanted to say it, but the words got stuck in her throat. Rage began to bubble inside of her.
She knew that Damien had a beast inside of him, something he couldn't control. She had seen it herself when they were subjected to Tian Yang's aura suppression.
But, to think he would go so far.
"…!"
Her rage reached its peak and she couldn't take it anymore. Blueish white flames burst forth from her hands and encased her whole body.
"Let…LET GO OF HER!"
She screamed in fury, discharging a massive wave of flame towards Damien. But she didn't stop there. Flame swords like the one she used before and explosive lotuses with all 13 petals were thrown at his location.
But despite the flurry of attacks charging towards him, Damien didn't move. A strange power left his body, causing slight ripples in space.
And then, when the plethora of flaming attacks reached within 5 meters of his body…
They disappeared.
Well, not all of them. The massive wave of flames was gone entirely, but the rest of the attacks were still there.
Only, they weren't moving forward in the slightest. No matter how Ruyue urged them or tried to increase her output, her attacks seemed to be stuck in a deadlock.
Damien suddenly raised his arm that wasn't holding on to Elder Baba and flicked the air in front of him lightly. Following this movement, the barrage of flames shot forth once more.
Except, they were flying towards the sky, no longer on the path Ruyue had set them towards.
B-b-boom!
A massive explosion rang out in the night sky, resembling fireworks. When Ruyue looked back at Damien, she was met with a pair of incomparably cold eyes.
However, his gaze didn't stay on her for long. Despite the anguish that was present on her face, the pain of betrayal she was currently feeling, he ignored her.
Or at least, that's what it seemed like.
When those ice-cold eyes returned back to meet the eyes of the figure in his grasp, two emotionless words left his mouth.
"Release her."
Emotionless? No, that wasn't the right word. Those two words contained an unbridled fury that surpassed even the fury Ruyue was feeling at the moment.
Damien at the moment was like a volcano on the precipice of eruption.
"I-I have…no idea…what you're…talking about," Elder Baba replied between strained breaths. "P-please! Let go…of me!"
Ruyue's anguish only heightened at the desperate cries of the elder, but before she could attack Damien once more, she felt a restrictive force encase her body, limiting her movement.
"Stay there for now." Damien's words echoed in her ear. Unlike the biting cold that was contained in them when speaking to the elder, there was an untold gentleness when he addressed her.
"Stop playing mind games, bitch. Unless you want me to crush your skull right now, release her."
Elder Baba's eyes widened at his words before her panicked expression vanished as if it never existed. Instead, it was replaced by a sickening smile.
"Kek…I never expected there to be a young man like you involved in all this."
The voice that left her mouth was no longer that of the kind elder Ruyue remembered meeting. The voice that was now being broadcasted was grating, like nails being scraped across a chalkboard.
But Damien didn't care. He tightened his grip around her- no, the thing that was pretending to be her's throat and repeated the same line over again.
"Release. Her."
"Tch." The thing pretending to be Elder Baba clicked its tongue in dissatisfaction before its eyes glowed slightly, releasing a dull grey light.
All of a sudden, Ruyue dropped to the ground as a splitting headache assaulted her.
'W-what is happening?'
All her previous animosity and anguish vanished like smoke as a change began to take place in her mind.
Her thoughts flashed back to all the actions she had taken ever since visiting the village.
The way she volunteered to help, the way she charged forward without thinking, the way she disregarded help in a fit of arrogance, and the way she kept overreacting to every slight problem that had happened.
Not to mention, the odd peaceful feeling she felt from the forest, the feeling that made her not want to leave.
The second that dull grey light disappeared from Elder Baba's eyes, it was all gone. The splitting headache soon ended and Ruyue once again opened her eyes.
Looking at the scene around her once more, she felt nothing. Not the slightest hint of sympathy. At most, she felt a slight regret that those two teenagers had died.
She panned her gaze back towards Damien as a complicated light flashed across her eyes. She didn't understand yet what was happening, but she could no longer find it in her to doubt his actions.
"Kek…now that I've released your little lover, let me go! You said you would let me go!"
That thing, it valued its life above all else. Even if it was caught in the end, at least it could live and scheme once more to get what it wanted.
 However…
"Who said you could live?"
Damien ruthlessly grabbed Elder Baba's face and pulled as hard as he could. With the sound of fabric being torn from velcro, the entire face was ripped off.
Damien threw the skin to the side and looked at the creature whose features were now revealed.
It was a creature with a face ugly enough to scar children, causing legitimate trauma. Its eyes were hollow, with dull grey flames lighting up its sockets, its skin was a mix of green and brown like sewage water, and its nose and mouth were crooked as if someone had bent them out of position.
Staring into those dull grey flames, Damien felt a pull on his consciousness, but in the end, nothing happened.
"So even at this point, you are trying to fool me." He said to the creature, who still didn't show signs of fear.
"What else should I do? Bow down and beg for forgiveness? You're going to kill me anyway, aren't you?" It responded with disdain reeking from its tone.
Damien lightly closed his eyes. "I see." And without another word, he tightened his grip around its neck, distorting it with his spatial mana until the creature's head was upside down similar to the pack leader that had died before.
The flames in the creature's eye sockets dimmed before extinguishing completely and the small human body of Elder Baba faded into the grass beneath them.
Damien charged lightning into his hands and let it superheat before shooting it towards the already dead creature, incinerating its body. He wanted to be sure nothing else would come of it.
The coldness in Damien's gaze slowly faded as he turned to look at Ruyue, who had watched the entire ordeal take place. Seeing the lost look on her face, he sighed lightly.
"I'm sorry…"



Chapter 179 Running Away 1
Ruyue's gaze went back and forth between Damien and the corpse on the ground, the lost look in her eyes never disappearing.
"D-did you know?" She managed to force the words out of her mouth.
Damien looked at her with a complex gaze. But ultimately, he shook his head.
"I only had a hunch that something was wrong."
He was telling the truth. From the start, he had noticed something wrong with the whole situation, he just couldn't pinpoint it.
It was for this reason why, after Ruyue left his side, he traveled through the forest and observed all the larger beast packs within it, trying to gain some information.
During this observation, he realized something odd. There was a familiar feeling about the murky mana that encased the Elder's room in the village.
He couldn't figure out the source of this familiarity, but as he continued his stay around the beasts and observed them with utmost concentration, he realized it.
The familiarity was beast mana.
Not only was it something he had spent 2 years surrounded by, but it was also something that had become a part of him.
Although the beast mana was cleansed by his physique when it entered his system, it didn't change the fact that he absorbed it to grow. That familiar feeling stemmed from what he felt during his first evolution when rampant beast mana invaded his body for the first time.
The instant he realized this, he rushed back to the village. But he was already too late. By the time he arrived, the deed had already been done. The ground was already stained in blood.
But he could still stop anything further from happening. He initiated combat with the thing pretending to be Elder Baba and ultimately ended up winning.
He had made sure not to go easy. He tortured that thing for information and even without too much pain, it told him everything.
It seemed to revel in the feeling of being caught like this. It didn't seem the slightest bit afraid even when he tortured it.
It was at that time that he learned how things went down. The feeling he had during their first meeting, the one that made him assume the old lady was a seer, was just a front.
The beast, who somehow had knowledge of such occupations, used the situation to its advantage and distracted Damien with it since it judged him as the strongest one in the room.
And its strategy worked. Damien was too focused on the old lady's identity and warding off the foreign mana that was trying to invade his body that he lost track of everything else, not paying attention until Ruyue dragged him out of the village.
And in that time, it had the ability to do whatever it wanted to Ruyue. It manipulated her emotions and her perception with its strange ability, forcing her to act out of character.
But it felt natural to her.
It led her to act according to its plan, fighting against the illusion it set up far away from the village while Damien was dragged along as well.
The only thing it couldn't predict was Damien's movement after everything was over with. It had expected him to go along with Ruyue, or at least it didn't expect him to return to the village until it had left. But Damien was a variable it couldn't control.
If it wasn't for his familiarity with beast mana, if it wasn't for his evolver title, perhaps the beast's plan would have worked.
And once this exchange had ended, Ruyue showed up.
Damien was already furious after learning the prior information, and seeing how Ruyue attacked him without a second thought, he became enraged.
He didn't even continue questioning the beast before killing it, succumbing to his desire for its death instead.
Damien sighed once again as he finished recounting the series of events to Ruyue, whose eyes were no longer lost. Instead, they were colder than even his when he was looking at the beast.
'She closed herself off again.'
 This was the outcome Damien wanted least. He knew that after learning how she was manipulated, she would be affected like this. He just didn't expect it to be so bad.
Even when she looked at him, her gaze was freezing. There was none of the familiarity she held previously.
And frankly, he couldn't bear to see her like that.
Damien's gaze became determined. He walked forward, ignoring the unapproachable aura surrounding Ruyue and even her dead eyes as she gazed at him.
Ruyue backed away as he approached, not wanting to speak to anyone at the moment. Her mind was tumultuous and her heart was in chaos.
'If it wasn't for my childish dreams. If it wasn't for my personality. If I had just listened to what he had told me…'
Inside her head, she kept blaming herself for what happened. She wouldn't let herself be happy anymore if it meant she might get sucked into a situation like this again.
She felt like she was willingly becoming a caged bird, but she didn't mind. If that's what it took to solve her problems, so be it. She would kill that childish version of herself that wished for freedom.
But as her thoughts reached an apex, she felt two strong hands grab her shoulders. Before she could even process what was happening, she was pulled forward.
Her head lightly landed on Damien's chest as his arms wrapped around her shoulders, embracing her.
"Don't think stupid things." He said in a soft voice. Even if his words were berating, his tone was too gentle for her to get angry.
Her body froze. It wasn't necessarily shock that she was feeling, but she couldn't bring herself to move.
She felt…comfort in his arms.
'No. I'm not allowed to be comfortable. This will only lead to another situation like the previous one.'
She tried to struggle free of his grasp, but he wouldn't let her go. She was forced to stay within the comfort that she was trying to run from with all her might.
'Stop. Please stop. If you don't…'
His soothing voice once again entered her ears. "It's okay. Everything will be okay. Running from those emotions won't solve anything, I promise. Just let it out. You have someone here who is willing to listen to it all."
'Why?! Why are you being like this?! Why can't you just be the annoying asshole that you always are?!' She cried inwardly. Yet, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't actually say the words.
It seemed like without even her own recognition, her arms had snaked around Damien's chest, hugging him tightly.
It seemed like without even her own recognition, tears were streaming down her face, staining his shirt.
And it seemed like without even her own recognition, Damien had teleported the two of them to a secluded spot away from the carnage of the village. A spot where nobody would bother them as she cried.
He moved one of his hands to her head, gently patting her head and brushing her hair.
Every action he took made her want to dive deeper into this warmth, but her brain kept screaming at her that this wasn't the right path.
She didn't know what to do. She couldn't fight her feelings, yet she wanted to do it so badly.
In the end, she ended up crying in his arms, unable to decide on her next course of action.



Chapter 180 Running Away 2
Xue Ruyue, first and only daughter of Xue Yebai, Patriarch of the Xue clan, the little princess of the Xue clan.
These were the identities that made up who Ruyue was in the eyes of others, and the traits that represented her.
It was the person she was forced to be from the second she was born.
Even at a young age, she wasn't shown the love a child should know. Be it her father, her mother, her older brother, or her extended family within the clan, none of them thought much of her.
The Xue Clan was once a matriarchy, being one of the very few within the cultivation world that could hold such a hierarchy successfully, but that all changed many decades ago.
The throne was usurped and the clan was changed, becoming patriarchal like almost every other power in the Cloud Plane.
But, the Xue clan used to be a matriarchy for a reason. The women of the clan were usually the ones who inherited the greatest talents, as the clan was centralized around elements that were primarily yin in nature.
Even Ruyue was the same. She was born with immense talents and rather than having a yin attributed element, she had an affinity to yin itself.
It was a threat to the patriarchy. If Ruyue ever grew up to be powerful enough, she could very well usurp the throne once again and nobody would dare object.
 For this reason, she was always shunned. She was looked down upon and seen solely as a tool to further the goals of the Xue clan. They figured that as long as they continued like this, she would never become a danger to them.
She grew up never knowing love. She grew up without smiling. There were only two people she could truly show her smile towards, the guard and housemaid couple that took care of her as if she was their own daughter.
Even when her parents abandoned her, they were there, caring for her needs and raising her properly. For this, she could never be more grateful.
When she reached the age of 16, the visits started. From the other 4 great clans to people from the major sects, they all visited the Xue clan for a chance to gain her hand in marriage.
And with the way she was just a pawn to those higher-ups in her clan, they naturally accepted all these visits.
She was forced to entertain those young masters and elders who looked at her body with lewd thoughts evident in their gazes. The yin essence of someone with an affinity for yin would be much stronger than that of a normal maiden.
But even after all these years of her self-confidence being shattered by her clan, Ruyue had still developed a sense of identity. This was due to those two that raised her with proper morals.
She had no desire to be a tool for her clan's growth. She despised the clan itself.
And with all these years going by, seeing how nobody actually cared about her and only cared for her materialistic value, she developed an ice-cold exterior.
She pushed away everyone and everything and developed an unapproachable air. She became someone those young masters would fear trying to court.
Doing so would only lead to their misery.
She trained in secret and managed to reach 2nd class at the age of 18, allowing her to be somewhat free from the constant marriage proposals that were thrown at her.
But she ended up in a situation she couldn't control. Her parents had chosen to wed her off to an elder of the Jade Heavenly Palace. There was no way she could escape the situation the way she had been doing all these years.
So she took drastic measures. She fled the Xue clan and after many months, arrived at the Celestial Star Palace. She passed their disciple examination and climbed the ranks, catching the attention of Grand Elder Tian Yang in the process.
At first, she wanted to reject, thinking he was just like the rest of those creeps who wanted her body. But she realized she needed backing within the sect to protect her from her clan and the Jade Heavenly Palace.
In the end, she accepted his tutorship. And as time passed, she realized that he was nothing like what she had thought of him.
He would rarely actually teach her things, giving her pointers to lead her in the right direction and then leaving the rest to her. Whenever he looked at her, she could only see the gaze of a master towards his disciple.
She started warming up to him, seeing him as her true master. And with his guidance, she was able to achieve 3rd class by the time she turned 20. It was an unprecedented growth speed.
But trouble came seeking her. Her clan and the Elder she was supposed to be wed to demanded her presence. She believed that there was no hope for her, even if she had backing.
But within the next few months, all those demands and approaches died down. Why did that happen? At the time, she had no idea. But now, she knew that Tian Yang had acted.
With his strength and position, there weren't many who could oppose him. Especially not someone with less strength than the 2nd greatest sect on the entire Plane.
She continued her training under Tian Yang without worries, slowly opening up to him. And then, someone else appeared.
A new disciple that her master claimed would be her Junior Brother. At first, she hated the thought of him. Not only was he a man, but he was also going to break the peaceful daily life that she treasured so much.
But unexpectedly, she warmed up to him faster than she had with even Tian Yang. He was arrogant, he was occasionally shameless, and he got on her nerves whenever he got the opportunity, but she couldn't find it in herself to hate him.
Why was that? She couldn't figure it out at first. But slowly, she began to understand.
From the beginning, he disregarded her status. Whether it be as his Senior Sister or as the little princess of the Xue clan, he didn't care about it at all.
When she acted haughty towards him, he would immediately do the same to her. It was an attitude and approach she had never experienced before.
He…genuinely just saw her as another person.
This kind of attitude inadvertently melted the icy wall she had erected around herself. The way she got annoyed and argued with him forced her to become more social.
And she didn't hate the feeling at all. It made her feel like she was regaining the youth that was taken away from her.
But with the situation that had just occurred, she felt that such youth wasn't something she needed.
She had gone on many missions already and she had witnessed her fair share of violence and carnage, but she never felt anything of it. Perhaps because she was as cold and indifferent as she was.
But now, in this place, she felt the pain that such emotions could bring. She felt how terrible the lows could be in contrast to how exhilarating the highs were.
And she hated that. She didn't want to feel such emptiness and such sorrow. She liked it better when she could just ignore everything around her and be indifferent.
But as he embraced her and brushed his hands through her hair, she couldn't bring herself to do that.
"Why won't you let me do that?" She cried as she hugged him tightly. She thought that after hearing her story, he might allow her to do as she pleased.
But Damien just smiled in response. "You see, I tried the same thing, but in the end, it'll only bring you greater pain."
He thought about the guilt he felt for running away from his feelings for Rose. It was a terrible feeling.
Perhaps he could shut out his emotions like Ruyue was trying to do, but would that solve anything? No. It was just another form of running away.
"You could say that we are similar in that regard."
He decided to share his experiences with her. He found that no matter how this senior sister of his liked to act high and mighty, at her core she was just as immature as he was.
Watching her try to take the same method of escapism that he did, he realized how silly he was being. Is this what he was trying to do this entire time with Rose? He berated himself endlessly.
Ruyue stood silently in his arms, listening to his story. It wasn't the first time she heard him talk about his woman, but it was the first time she heard it in depth.
A strange suffocating feeling arose in her chest, but she didn't let it affect her. Instead, she hugged him tighter as she listened to his story.
Under the silent moonlight, the duo relied on each other's warmth, attempting to sort out the troubles that lay within their hearts.



Chapter 181 Running Away 3
Running away
Wasn't it something Damien was well accustomed to?
It was only a few days ago that he finally made the decision to stop running away from his problems and his feelings.
He was still in the process of making that change, and Ruyue ended up helping him a lot. She didn't even have to do anything, just the fact that there was someone here who could relate to his feelings was enough.
It wasn't just his feelings for Rose that Damien ended up running away from. Rather, it was mainly himself.
His emotions and his problems. These were the things he feared. What happened with Rose could be considered as collateral damage from his internal struggle.
What was a person's identity? What was the thing that made them different from the rest?
Although this was a world where everyone had their unique abilities and strengths, it didn't change the fact that everyone's strength was under the presence of the system.
What truly made a person unique, what defines their ego, wasn't it their thoughts and emotions?
The way someone felt and the decisions they made, the moral standards one creates for themselves as they continue living in this ruthless world, the relationships they form through it all.
These are the things that Damien ran from. Because if he actually ended up solving these problems, if he overcame such things, he was afraid he'd be a different person.
He was so used to having these issues within him. He felt that if he no longer had them, he'd allow himself to be taken advantage of.
But these thoughts were simply stupid. After all, overcoming such things was the process of accepting himself. This was what he realized as he listened to Ruyue tell her story.
It was also the reason he decided to tell his. Firstly, he wanted her to feel what he felt, the camaraderie that he experienced when he met someone who could understand him.
And secondly, he wanted her to gain something as well. Perhaps, if she could gain her own realizations from what he learned, she would benefit as well.
And Ruyue was experiencing what he hoped. As she learned about the dungeon, Apeiron, and earth, she realized how small her worldview was. Not to mention, she realized that she was dealing with problems that were much smaller than his.
If she had said that out loud, Damien would call her an idiot. After all, her problems had a much more definite reasoning than his.
But it didn't matter since she didn't say anything. This form of thinking was just something she subconsciously used to help herself, so it was for the best.
Ruyue thought back to those days in the clan. She thought back to the struggles she had been through. Did she go through all those harsh experiences just to become a crybaby?
No. She didn't. She didn't feel that the choice she made or the attitude she took was wrong. Rather, she felt that the reasoning for such an attitude was the problem.
She was no longer a child. She was no longer weak. There was no reason for her to erect such a wall to scare people off. She could do so with her own strength.
But she wouldn't change her personality. Because as she thought about it, she realized that she enjoyed the way she was. She liked herself. Imagining herself being kind or cheerful at all times ended up repulsing her.
Because that wasn't her identity.
Besides, it wasn't like she couldn't be kind or she couldn't be cheerful. She had people she trusted enough to show these emotions to. And that was enough for her.
For what reason should she allow those scum to see her true self? That should be a right reserved for those she allowed it to.
Her thoughts slowly became clear as she reaffirmed herself. She ended up coming out of that state only to realize the position she was currently in.
She was still clinging to Damien as hard as she could, even though her tears had run dry long ago. She slightly shifted her head to look up at him, only to see that he was still stuck in his thoughts.
Not wanting to interrupt him, she decided to stay in her current position. Besides, it was warm here.
'Yes. I'm staying in this position so he isn't interrupted. That's what this is.'
Meanwhile, Damien was still thinking about the same concept as before. He was thinking about why things felt so different with Ruyue. And it didn't take long to realize.
Rose was someone who could act as his confidant at any time. And through thick and thin, she was always supportive. But there were bound to be some things she couldn't do.
Her personality, which ended up being much bolder than Damien's, wasn't one that could fully sympathize with him. Her problems lay elsewhere, but she never refused to confront them.
Rather, she confronted them as much as she could so that one day she could overcome them.
So when Damien saw Ruyue, who was similar to him, he felt something different from when he confided in Rose. He felt like the simple fact that Ruyue was the same as him helped him overcome himself, albeit slightly.
The process of change wasn't something immediate, in fact, it took a great deal of time to complete. But today, under the moonlight, that process was expedited slightly.
However, no matter how refreshed Damien felt by this, there was no way he could feel completely happy at the moment.
The events prior to their conversation were still stuck in his mind. That creature pretending to be Elder Baba, it obviously had other plans.
And he doubted that it was working alone. From how easily it accepted death even though it couldn't achieve anything in the end, he felt that there was something more going on.
But he wasn't in any position to stop it. He was on a deadline. He had to get to that convention and complete the mission his master had given him.
If not for his master's sake, then it was for his own. It was a matter related to his safety and the Nox who kept causing problems everywhere he went.
 'Again, I end up running away.'
There wasn't just one village within this vast forest. When Damien spread his awareness earlier, he spotted at least 3 others. And within all of them, there were traces of the same murky mana he felt in Elder Baba's hut.
He knew there were more problems in the forest. He knew more people would end up getting hurt after they left, but there was nothing he could do.
He wasn't some hero with a misplaced sense of justice that would go around helping anyone without any benefit. That simply wasn't his style. Still, he was from earth. He had a sense of values instilled in him since he was young.
Even if he could ignore the suffering of others on a larger scale, he wasn't someone who would ignore things going on right in front of him. At least, that's how it was usually.
But this time, there was nothing he could do.
'Regardless of how powerful one gets, regardless if one can control the winds and rain with a snap of their fingers, time is an enemy that can't be overcome.'



Chapter 182 Running Away 4
Flash!
Damien's eyes suddenly became clouded for a moment after he had the thought. It only lasted for a brief second, but when he came to he felt that he had comprehended something good.
It was nothing but a spark of insight, but just from that he knew he was moving in the right direction.
'Soon. I'll have that power soon.'
Damien opened his eyes, unaware of when he had even closed them in the first place, and slowly took in his surroundings.
Although it was still nighttime, the moon was no longer high in the sky, already on its way to setting. Looking down, he noticed that Ruyue was still on his chest even after so long.
"Hey, I think it's time we leave now." He said softly, but he got no response. After poking her cheeks a few times, he realized that she was probably asleep.
"Sigh, how troublesome." Even while muttering it, he had a smile on her face. He lightly picked her up, using his space element to shift her body so she wouldn't feel uncomfortable, before princess carrying her out of the forest.
The cool wind brushed through his hair and caressed his face as he ran, with the sounds of bushes and trees rustling acting as his background music. In this calm atmosphere, he finally made it out of the forest, where the panther beast had been waiting for them.
It was a beast they had gotten from Tian Yang, so it was naturally tamed. They didn't have to worry about losing it while they went off and did other things.
He mounted the beast as gently as he could before ordering it to set off, Ruyue still asleep in his arms.
He couldn't blame her though. She had experienced a good amount of emotional stress in the past day, making her this exhausted.
With the story she had told him, Damien was aware that she had never truly confronted her problems like this, nor had they blown up in her face.
It was a new experience for her, and the whole thing overloaded her. Truthfully, Damien would have been the same if he didn't have his personality.
While he would run away from his problems just as much as she did, he would always find himself introspecting and trying to find ways to combat those problems before pushing them away again.
It was an unhealthy cycle, but at least it prepared him for situations like this one, making it so he didn't end up with the same fatigue she did.
But the past day was annoying for him too. Seeing innocent kids get slaughtered…regardless of how cold his heart was, it wasn't something he could simply accept.
It didn't matter how many adults died. That was something they decided for themselves. They made the decisions that led to that death.
But it was different for kids. Damien made a vow to himself. A vow that no matter what he did, he would never intentionally harm a child.
He closed his eyes and laid down on the beast's wide back, intending to take a bit of rest before they reach their destination. He needed to clear his mind before they got into the truly serious stuff they were about to do.
***
"Mm…"
Ruyue's eyelids fluttered open as bright rays of sunlight entered her vision, disallowing her from getting any more sleep.
Though, she didn't realize she had fallen asleep until she looked around.
There were bright and lush plains around her, with small villages and cities off in the distance. It was clear that they left the forest long ago.
Not to mention the fact that she was moving atop the panther beast they had gotten from Tian Yang before leaving the sect.
Sitting up, she rubbed her eyes and attempted to get rid of the drowsiness she was feeling. 'I haven't had such good sleep in a long time.'
As the events before she passed out entered her memory, a furious blush crept up her face. 'Oh my god. What the hell was I doing?!'
She had both cried and fallen asleep on Damien's chest, making her utterly embarrassed. It wasn't something she had ever done before with another person, let alone a man.
'Is that why I felt like I was sleeping on the most comfortable pillow ever?'
Wait, but if his chest was the comfortable pillow, then why did that sensation continue to the time even minutes before she woke up?
Her head moved robotically as she looked down to see where she was sitting, and in fact, it was as she guessed.
Underneath her, Damien was still fast asleep. Her hands were on his chest as she supported her weight and she was sitting on his stomach, just inches away from…
'Ah! What the hell am I thinking?!'
She wanted to stand up and move away, but there was no space to do so. The panther beast wasn't very large right now and Damien's body was taking up almost all the space on its back.
Ruyue was still in a panic, but what she didn't know was that all her fidgeting had woken up a certain someone.
'Fuck! Why is she moving like that?!' Damien exclaimed inwardly as he tried to suppress himself, still pretending to be asleep.
If she kept moving in such a way, he was afraid that another beast would be awoken, and he didn't want to deal with the shame that would follow that.
Sighing lightly, he slowly opened his eyes. "I'd appreciate it if you stopped moving around so much, dear senior sister." He said teasingly.
Ruyue jumped slightly as her movements once again became robotic. She turned her head towards Damien with wide eyes as she witnessed the mischievous smile on his face.
"G-good morning…" she muttered, her voice low due to embarrassment.
 "Mm, good morning," Damien replied as he sat up. 
Yet, this movement resulted in another problem. Ruyue, who was sitting on his stomach, slid down and ended up on…another region.
And as she was already facing him, when his upper body was raised, they ended up eye to eye, their faces only inches away from each other.
This time, it was Damien's turn to be surprised. 'How did I even end up in this kind of anime situation?! Do things like this actually happen in real life?'
Meanwhile, Ruyue was frozen in both body and mind. All her senses were focused on a certain beast that had inadvertently awakened due to her sitting position.
When Damien realized this, he averted his gaze, his face tinged with a slight redness.
It had to be known that even with Rose, he had never been in this position. They had cuddled enough that he learned to easily suppress his urges.
But with Ruyue…this kind of sense hadn't been developed in the slightest.
When Ruyue saw Damien's red face, her attention was completely shifted off what was happening with his lower body. She ended up smiling slyly as she watched him.
"I see, I see, so even my cold-hearted Junior brother can make such a face!"
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Damien responded emotionlessly. But Ruyue, who had a clear view of his face, was able to see how the redness slightly increased.
'I think I'm beginning to understand why he loves to do this to me.'
She continued teasing him, completely forgetting the position they were in at the moment, as the two of them continued their journey.
They were now only a single day away from their destination.



Chapter 183 Bloodstone River 1
The blistering heat covering the land slowly cooled down as the sun began to set over the horizon.
The day had passed without much drama, and finally, Damien and Ruyue could see their destination approaching.
In the distance, they could faintly make out the outline of an expansive mountain range whose height reached the clouds, however, its contents were veiled in secrecy.
"It's just as described in the reports from those who have been in this region," Ruyue exclaimed in amazement as she gazed upon the majestic sight.
Damien could only nod his head in response, as his thoughts were also transfixed on the sight in front of them.
The outline of the mountain range they could truly see was only the tip of the iceberg, as the entirety of its structure was covered by a massive fog that looked almost ethereal.
It was hazy, yet translucent at the same time. It covered the view of the mountain range like a large wall, preventing outsiders from understanding its contents.
This fog was so notorious that it had received its own name, the myriad illusion veil. Tho e name wasn't grand for nothing, describing the experience one would have once they entered the dense veil.
It was said that once one traveled far enough into the fog, they would lose their sense of direction, not knowing up from left, or down from straight. And not only that, there were even rumors that one could lose their entire identity to the horrifying yet mysterious fog.
And by the time the sun finally set and night fell on the Central Continent, the duo reached the border of this fog.
Luckily enough, there was a small city on the border, where plenty of mercenaries and cultivators would gather before setting off to test their luck within the 3000 beast mountain range.
"I think we should stay here for the night. Regardless if we know exactly where we're going, I don't want to risk getting lost in that fog when visibility is at its lowest." Damien remarked warily.
"I agree. The fog's reputation is already bad enough. Though, I don't think our destination is far enough within for us to experience its true horrors." Ruyue responded.
Still, the two of them didn't take any chances and made their way into the city. They had already left the panther beast they used for transport, allowing it to return to its original owner.
It was only accompanying them to take them this far, as it would only be in danger if it continued with them. For their return trip, they already had the talismans that Tian Yang gave them, so it wasn't necessarily a problem.
Entering the city, the two were immediately able to feel the gloomy atmosphere that encased it. Considering the location, it was only natural.
Many of the cultivators currently residing in the city had already been through the fog, losing their companions on the way. Besides them, there were those who sternly prepared for expeditions. As for the residents of the city, there actually weren't that many,
It would be crazy for someone to voluntarily become a permanent resident of a city such as this one which always stunk with the aura of death. The only ones that truly made this decision were the owners of the many inns and establishments that made up the city's area.
These people were fearless in the face of profits.
Anyway, Damien and Ruyue disregarded it all as they entered one of the inns and booked a room.
Being infinitely close to the convention they were about to attend, it became much more important for them to keep up their roles, so they only purchased a single room.
But both of them were adults. Even if they tended to bicker like children whenever they wanted to have fun, this wasn't the time for such things. Damien took his spot on the floor without saying a word while Ruyue took the bed.
And like that, a peaceful night passed. When the sun once again rose, it was time for them to enter the tiger's den.
Standing in front of the myriad illusion veil, the duo looked into each other's eyes as they firmed their resolve. Although they had always been aware of the importance of their mission, it was only settling in now.
They were going to be surrounded by enemies on all sides, with some being far out of the scope of their abilities. If they made one wrong move, they'd be crushed without even knowing how they died.
 But it was the life of a cultivator to take risks. And it was their responsibility to acquire good information and make it out safely. For the next 3 months, they would have to be on their highest alert.
Nodding at each other silently, they rushed into the fog.
'This fog… its reputation is well deserved.' Damien sighed inwardly as they made their way forward. They had only been running for a few minutes, but he could already feel the range of his awareness slowly decreasing.
What used to be enough to cover an entire mid-sized state became only enough to cover small states, before gradually sinking to the level of a city. It was such a drastic decrease that Damien felt slightly claustrophobic.
He was someone who loved to be in control. And the current feeling he was getting was the complete opposite. The fog was making him wary. He was now feeling much luckier for the escape talismans they had on them.
If he was feeling this uncomfortable with just the outskirts of the fog, he had no desire to find out what it would feel like to go deeper within it, especially if he had to do so while fleeing.
Luckily, he wouldn't have to deal with it for long as he saw their final destination up ahead.
The location they had marked wasn't some majorly specific area on the outskirts of the mountain range, as the fog would never permit them to find such a place.
Rather, it was a landmark that could be widely recognized. Tian Yang had gathered a truly concrete amount of information for them to make preparations from.
Since the same problem with the fog would affect everyone, the wicked sects had set up checkpoints along the location where those attending the convention could be guided to the true location.
As they made their way closer, he saw the glorious form of a large river that snaked through the myriad illusion veil, creating a border between the outskirts and the truly dangerous parts of the fog.
The river wasn't enormously wide, with 3rd class beings able to cross it with a single leap, but its depth couldn't be underestimated. However, this wasn't the river's main attraction.
Rather, it was the blood-red color of the water that gave this river its name and fame.
A river that was rumored to be formed by the blood of countless cultivators that had died within it. A river that used to just be a simple gorge on the outskirts of the 3000 beast mountain range.
"The Bloodstone River," Damien muttered as he witnessed it with his own eyes.



Chapter 184 Bloodstone River 2
"The Bloodstone River," Damien muttered as he witnessed it with his own eyes.
It truly deserved its name. He couldn't even tell the difference between this water and true blood. Even from this distance, its consistency didn't seem the same as pure water.
Suddenly, a masked man appeared before them. His entire body was covered in a black cloak as well, making him look overly suspicious.
Yet, nobody would question him. It wasn't irregular for cultivators to hide their identities as such when they went out on adventures. Who knew what would happen?
There were many cases where naive rogue cultivators accidentally offended powerful young masters or similar people and had their entire lineages eradicated. Such concealment became a regular practice for those without backing.
Gazing at the suspicious man, the duo didn't feel any nervousness. They knew his purpose in approaching them.
"Would the two of you like assistance in crossing this river?" The man asked, motioning towards a small ferry that was positioned on the shore of the river. Coupled with the man's appearance, it was like a blatant allusion to crossing the River Styx.
However, the duo had no intention of crossing the river. "No. Instead, we want to explore what's held in the deepest depths of this Bloodstone River."
 Hearing Damien's words, the man's eyes flashed for a second. But it wasn't something either of the two would miss. Slightly nodding his head, the man beckoned them forward.
"If that is your wish, then so be it. The deepest depths of the Bloodstone River lay 5 kilometers east. There, you will meet a man who can guide you to your desires."
Damien nodded lightly towards the cloaked man before turning eastward.
The words Damien had spoken were the keywords to announce participation in the event about to take place. It wasn't that hard to figure out, but it was still enough to guarantee veracity.
Damien and Ruyue once again took off running before reaching the location the man had pointed out. Soon, they met the guide the cloaked man had told them about.
From there, the process of gaining entry was simple.
The new cloaked individual took Damien and Ruyue towards a large tree in the vicinity and placed his hand on its bark. This action in turn opened up the tree trunk, revealing a passageway within.
"We hope you enjoy your stay." The cloaked individual said as Damien and Ruyue entered the passage, the hidden entrance closing behind them.
In truth, this event wasn't as secretive as one would expect. It wasn't actually a hidden event at all.
Just like how the righteous sects held an annual tournament and gathering of sects, the wicked powers did the same.
It was a showcase and a sort of festival.
For this reason, they didn't need to care too much about spies infiltrating the event. They did the same for the righteous sect events, so why shouldn't they allow the same?
In reality, the righteous sects were well aware of this convention, they just left it alone as there was nothing to gain from interrupting it.
Even if they wanted to use the gathering to annihilate the wicked powers, they would obviously fail miserably. And if they didn't, they'd lose too much manpower in the raid for it to actually be a worthwhile investment.
And with such a delicate balance in place, this was the perfect place for many covert operations and plans to take place. It was a similar concept to hiding in plain sight.
This was the reason Damien and Ruyue had to take so much effort to conceal themselves. Even if righteous sect spies weren't monitored within the main convention, they obviously wouldn't be able to gain entry to anywhere important.
This was the same for those who came from other uninvolved wicked sects.
As Damien and Ruyue made their way down the steep staircase that made up this hidden passageway, they came across a heavy iron door with a single latch on it.
As if sensing their presence, the latch opened, giving way to a piercing set of eyes that scanned them up and down before the door slowly opened, revealing the scenery within.
It was a large cavern that could almost be mistaken for an open-air city if not for the rocky ceiling above them.
There were tens of pavilions and stalls set up around the area, forming a scene reminiscent of a state fair on earth.
The makeshift streets were lined with cultivators of all shapes and sizes, the only thing they had in common being the half masks that covered their faces.
It was another measure of ensuring that no identities were revealed unless one chose to do so themselves. As for what happened if they did, well that was their own problem. The organizers of the event wouldn't clean up after the idiots who made their own messes.
Damien and Ruyue had also donned these half masks, as they were given out by the cloaked individual that opened the passageway for them.
The duo strolled the streets and took in the sights, in awe of how little the scene resembled what they had originally thought it'd look like.
'This place is a lot cleaner than I expected it to be.'
'Yeah. From the way the wicked sects are usually portrayed, I didn't think they'd abide by conventional standards like this.'
Damien and Ruyue communicated through mana transmission.
The perception Damien had formed of the wicked sects from the way those at the Celestial Star Palace talked about them was much more primitive, to say the least.
He expected them to be killing each other wantonly, committing debauchery on the side of the street, and many other less than civilized things.
Yet, it wasn't like that at all.
Perhaps there were some who had fallen so far into depravity that they didn't care about image or public decency in the slightest, but most had enough sense to not act so idiotic.
And such rules were enforced in this place. Well, to a certain extent.
"Hey, you! Didn't I tell you to stay the fuck away from me?!" A burly man yelled towards another man in front of him, evidently annoyed.
"Did you? I'm sorry, I don't tend to remember the buzzing of flies around me." The smaller man responded.
"The fuck did you just say to me?!" The burly man yelled furiously.
"Ohhh I remember you now. You're that idiot who I crippled a while back because you tried to lay hands on my woman."
"Your woman?! She was my woman from the start! Who gave you the right to call her that?!"
"Well, she didn't seem to think she was your woman when she was moaning my name last night."
The burly man's face had turned redder than a tomato at this point, and it was clear he could no longer hold himself back.
"That's it. If I deal with you, she'll be mine again. That's all it takes, right!" The aura of an entry-level 3rd class surged from his body and the earth around him trembled.
Suddenly, a massive spike protruded from the ground, aiming at the smaller man's stomach.
"This is the price of messing with me."
Yet, the smaller man made no move to dodge. Instead, he lightly waved his hand, causing the earth spike to crack and shatter into pieces.
"W-what did you just do?" The burly man asked in trepidation.
"Well, let's just hope you learn how to pick your opponents in your next life. Also, you shouldn't fall in love with sluts who lust after any man with even a bit of power." The smaller man responded.
Before the burly man could say another word, the smaller man vanished, appearing in front of him and pushing his palm towards his head.
It was too late for the burly man to block, so he tried to use his aura for defense. But he was no match for his opponent. As the smaller man said, he had no idea how to pick his opponents.
When the palm reached the burly man's head, the reaction was instant. The force of the palm completely obliterated everything in its path, causing the man's head to explode like a watermelon, his skull fragments and brains painting the ground in their color.
Lightly flicking the blood off of his hand, the smaller man looked at the falling corpse in disdain before walking off, pretending as if nothing had ever happened.
And just like him, the rest of the witnesses of the event went on with their days as if the prior interaction never took place.
'Due to a small quarrel like that, a man lost his life.'
Damien wasn't one to highly value the lives of others, but it was the first time he had seen someone get killed over something so minuscule. Shaking his head lightly, he made a mental note to himself not to end up in the same situation.
'The world truly is a much more ruthless place than I thought.'



Chapter 185 Convention 1
In a certain part of the underground space, there were 8 raised platforms where many battles were taking place. On two of those, there were familiar figures taking part in the festivities.
Damien and Ruyue had spent the last day browsing the convention and understanding the proceedings so far, and they were generally underwhelmed by what they found.
The stalls lining the streets were like market vendors, selling everything from artifacts and herbs to cultivation techniques.
Yet, at least one out of every ten stalls was full of scam treasures.
However, the thing that stood out most was probably the cultivation manuals. They were the main reason why wicked powers were considered wicked in the first place, and they were the main cause of the deteriorating humanity of those who join these sects.
There were many different methods within these techniques, some even made to turn victims into cultivation cauldrons.
It was an interesting experience seeing all these wicked techniques, as it opened Damien's mind to many methods he didn't think were possible.
With the way the system functioned, killing was the most effective way to gain levels. With this kind of system, he didn't think that stealing cultivation was such a big deal.
After all, experience gained through killing was essentially stolen from those that died. However, it was different with these manuals. Rather than a part of their experience, they would maximize the amount of experience gained from the victim.
But there was a penalty for doing so. The system was an entity that prioritized balance, leaving every action with a reaction. In return for gaining such immense benefits from killing, the user of these techniques would lose their sanity.
Not only that, but some of these techniques also deteriorated the appearance of bodily function of the user. Damien passed many people who already looked like soulless husks as they perused the convention grounds.
And after they made their way past these stalls, the duo found the dueling stage they were currently on. It was a place for the younger generation to show their fangs and compete.
Yet, from their observation before joining, it was evident how little they cared about magnanimity in the wicked powers. The winner of the duels was never the last one standing, rather it was the last one alive.
It made him wonder what the wicked sects were doing since they were effectively killing off seedlings that could become important to their powers in the future, but Ruyue explained it to him well.
It was a similar concept to what went on with the economy on earth. The rich get richer while the poor get poorer. Those who won would be fed all the resources that would have been distributed among many if it was a righteous power.
Even if the righteous sects also poured more resources into the strongest and most talented, they never forsook those with less talent or strength.
The wicked sects were clearly more prone to building elite forces with smaller numbers than the righteous sects.
Boom!
Black lightning coursed through the dueling stage as Damien unleashed his power.
However, his opponent didn't do the same. A deep purple mist spread from her as her body began to move rhythmically.
Her lithe and graceful movements entranced the audience watching her, making it so they couldn't take their eyes off of her.
Even if they were watching from afar, the effects of her technique still affected them. A slight purple aura began to radiate from their eyes as their expressions began to dull.
 The woman smirked at the sight. This was the power she was proud of, the power to seduce any and every man to become her loyal slave.
The Lustful Fairy Sect. It was a power diametrically opposed to the Supreme Fairy Paradise in principle, and the members of the sect fully embraced their traits, evident in the name of their power.
The power of lust was something that could be incredibly dangerous when exploited. It was the foundation of their power and the reason they were highly regarded and despised by other powers.
Yet, it had a fatal weakness. And the man that was her opponent at the moment happened to be one of those weaknesses.
Before the woman could even understand what was going on, Damien was in front of her with her neck clutched in his iron grip.
The power of lust? Damien knew it well. It had tried to control him before when his bestial instincts went out of control, but such experiences had led him to learn to control such feelings.
But that wasn't the reason he stood on the stage unaffected at the moment. The power this woman was using wasn't necessarily lust itself, it was closer to charm.
And this kind of fake charm was nothing more than an illusion. An illusion that he had absolute immunity towards.
His cold eyes looked into her's and without remorse, he tightened his grip. He could clearly feel the disgusting feeling of bones cracking within his hand, but he didn't care.
This was a gathering of scum. Even if he knew well that not everyone here was scum, he had to be scum to fit in. Not to mention, he felt that this woman very much deserved death for daring to attempt what she was doing.
There were 3 things Damien hated most in the world, if spiders weren't counted. And being manipulated was absolutely on that list.
He wouldn't stand by as someone attempted to pull such a trick on him.
The second the woman died, the purple mist that surrounded her dispersed and the audience slowly regained their senses. Naturally, many cheers followed this.
Damien wasn't the only one who hated being manipulated, after all.
Seeing that the result was finalized, the one in charge of the match raised his voice.
"Winner! Zhen Fang from the Twilight Blood Sect!"
Damien smiled lightly before looking over at the adjacent stage, where Ruyue had also finished her match.
Naturally, the two hadn't come to such a large event without backing.
The Twilight Blood Sect.
It was a reclusive power that had a powerful name within the wicked sect community. The power had a rich history of conflict with the righteous sects, making it an example that mana sects follow.
The sect even accumulated a blood debt with the Jade Heavenly Palace, launching a campaign 100 years ago and successfully assassinating the Young Palace Lord of the sect.
Ever since that event, the two sects had been engaged in a silent war in the shadows. Many people on both sides had died in this conflict, but the power of the Twilight Blood Sect never seemed to diminish.
However, the entire conflict was a facade. The Twilight Blood Sect was actually a power sponsored by the righteous sects, being their key into the wicked society.
It was a fact that remained unknown to most, but due to the nature of this mission, Damien and Ruyue became privy to such information.
And although it was a cover for the righteous sects, it didn't discredit the power at all. The Twilight Blood Sect was truly as vicious as it portrayed itself.