Chapter 86 Memories 2
With her speed and stamina as a peak 2nd class, it didn't take long for Elena to reach the school. Looking at the large two-story building once again made her reminisce, but she shook off her thoughts and headed inside.
She was about an hour late to the reunion and hadn't bothered to dress up, wearing a simple shirt and jeans, but she still gathered a great deal of attention when she walked in.
It was to be expected from someone who could objectively be titled as one of the most beautiful women on earth.
Still, Elena didn't pay them any attention. She simply grabbed some food for herself and walked to a corner, silently looking out for the only person she came to meet.
On her way, she heard the usual conversations about occupations and how people's lives went after they graduated, but it was different from a normal reunion. After all, their main topics were classes and levels, and also their lives working for Asgard and other smaller organizations that were under it.
But Elena could feel it in the air. None of these people truly cared about how the others were doing, they were just here to brag.
While Elena attempted to mind her own business, it didn't quite work out for her. Slowly but surely, a group of people formed around her, most of them being men.
"Hey, did you know that I'm in the top 100 of the hero ranking?"
The guys tried to brag, but Elena disdained them all. The hero ranking was true to its name, it ranked all active heroes based on their power levels and contribution. But the true experts of society didn't care about these.
Elena was one of them, so obviously she knew this.
And it wasn't just the one guy trying to impress her, rather they were all competing for who was the coolest among them, making them look like a group of fools.
The gathering of people attracted others and the group became more diverse, with everyone speaking of their rankings or the current news about Niflheim until one man started making his way over.
This man was leagues above the others in terms of appearance, and a single smile from him made most of the girls turn red.
He walked to the front of the group with confidence as he flashed a smile. "How have you been, Elena?"
"Bryce," Elena responded with a dull tone. She wasn't impressed in the slightest nor did she want to continue interacting with him. Bryce was one of the main culprits of Damien's bullying in the past, and he had never ceased trying to make moves on her.
He was basically the second coming of Jin, and it was clear how that ended.
"How has your life been? I'm sure you've been missing me since we last talked," Bryce said with a wink. The insinuation he was making made plenty of single women angry, but he didn't seem to notice.
But Elena didn't care to play his games. "We haven't even talked once since high school ended. Not to mention that even in high school you just followed me like a dog no matter how much I tried to get rid of you."
Bryce's face twitched, but he kept his smile. "Come on, don't be like that. Don't you know that I'm a top-ranking hero now? They call me SilverFlash. How could you not like me after all these years?"
As if he got a sudden idea, Bryce's face lit up. "Ah! Could it be that you're still caught up on that trash? He's dead now anyway, so why do you even care so much?"
The mention of Damien made the whole crowd start whispering to each other. News of his "death" had been published in many newspapers, but nobody seemed to care because of Jin's status. Naturally, these classmates of his had seen those articles.
"Ah, that lame kid! I was wondering if he died off or something, and it turns out I was right!"
"Yeah, totally. Even seeing that trash breathe next to me was disgusting."
Elena was slightly stunned. She didn't know how the vileness of these classmates was exposed simply at the mention of Damien. It's like they all dropped their facades and talked trash about him at any opportunity they could get.
Bryce smiled at this. He was influential enough to spread rumors and information that people would take at face value, not bothering to investigate deeper. Out of sheer spite for that kid who had taken the attention of the woman he wanted, he spread some dirt on Damien's name.
The classmates continued to talk trash, unaware of the monster they were awakening. That is, until, a suffocating pressure exploded from Elena's body.
Her deep blue eyes became midnight black, devoid of any feeling. "Talk like that about him one more time. I dare you."
Bryce, who was nearest to her, suffered the worst from the pressure. He had only recently become a 2nd class, and his position in Asgard was not earned but bought. He coughed blood, struggling to keep his consciousness from collapsing.
He felt humiliated, and couldn't stop himself from trying to get the last laugh. "Cough…No matter what you do…it doesn't change the fact…that he's dead."
He laughed seeing the rage on Elena's face. He truly felt good putting her down like this. But his smile froze in the next instant.
Swish!
It took a moment to process, but by the time it did, the event was already over. Blood spurted wildly and a severed arm dropped to the floor.
"Let's call this arm as compensation. Never talk like you are above me again."
Potions strong enough to regrow limbs didn't exist on earth yet. The advent of hero society had brought potions enough to heal flesh wounds, but earth still needed time to develop anything more complex.
Without another word, Elena walked off. The crowd parted for her as she left, everyone seemingly in fear of what she'd do next.
As Elena walked away, she finally spotted Alison in the corner. Smiling lightly, she walked over to have a much-needed reunion.
Back within the crowd, Bryce was furious. The pain helped him keep his head clear, but even in a clear-headed state, his thoughts were maddening. 'I'll make that bitch pay!'
Hours passed as Elena chatted with Alison, the other partygoers avoiding her like the plague. They talked about how their lives had been and their plans for the future, and many other things.
When Damien was brought up, Alison learned about Elena's irrational belief that he was still alive, but she was powerless to do anything about it. All she could do was wish Elena well, hoping her mental state would recover.
Suddenly, someone rushed into the venue with a panicked look on their face. "Turn a TV on right now! It doesn't matter what channel, just do it now!"
There was indeed a tv in the hall, but nobody had paid it much mind before. However, hearing the urgency in the man's voice, they did as he said.
Every channel was showing the same news.
"Breaking news! In the skies above Los Angeles, a massive gate has appeared! Its rating has been determined as SSS rank! This is an emergency situation, and Asgard is calling for the evacuation of all civilians in the city! Heroes are being requested to rendezvous at the site no matter their rank!"
A massive gate was shown on the screen. However, there was a major difference between it and any other gate that had appeared before. It was entirely purple on its edges, while the middle was an abyssal black.
Ba-dum! Ba-dum!
Elena didn't know why, but her heart started racing. Her breathing quickened as she felt that ethereal string become slightly thicker than before.
'Is it him?'
Without another thought, she rushed to the scene. She was followed by all the other heroes within the class, as an Asgard summon wasn't something they could reject. Even the now single-armed Bryce was making his way over.
 They were relatively close to the center of the city, and they could see the massive gate from where they stood. It was around the diameter of a soccer stadium. The ominous portal floating in the air, combined with the sight of countless civilians fleeing for their lives truly painted an apocalyptic picture. 
It wasn't long before Elena reached the area near the gate. Since she wasn't part of Asgard, she could watch from nearby without being noticed.
Countless heroes had gathered in the square. Elena could even see Jin standing at the forefront with a valiant look on his face. She snorted at this and turned her attention back to the gate.
And slowly, she witnessed it open. Along with the other 500 or so heroes who had responded to Asgard's call, Elena saw something insane.
A huge body taller than many 4 story buildings and with length to match, a pair of beautiful wings that eclipsed the sun, forcing those below into darkness, and a pair of piercing golden eyes that looked down upon them in disdain.
It was the biggest beast any of them had ever seen, and its aura was just as suffocating as the leaders of Asgard and Niflheim. The massive wolf was the only thing that emerged from the gate; with it closing directly after the wolf descended.
But this didn't bring any solace to those on the ground. They could feel that even alone, this beast could raze the city and kill them without batting an eye.
In their fear of the beast, the mass of heroes failed to notice another detail. But Elena didn't. She was on high alert for the faint possibility that her dreams would come true.
And so she saw it. Standing atop the beast was a tall man that completely contrasted the figure she remembered so well. Yet, she knew without a shadow of a doubt.
Damien had returned.



Chapter 87 Return 1
Damien could only smile wryly at Zara's love for big entrances. Knowing they were returning to Damien's home, she decided to go grand.
When the portal opened, the sheer size had startled Damien and he decided to be lowkey, but his idea was immediately rejected.
And so, the trio entered the portal with Zara in her true form. The sensation of a portal was vastly different from his usual warps. It was like they were traveling through a long dark passage that continued with no end. Zara simply flew forward with the current of mana until they reached the circular exit.
And exiting was different too. They were forced to wait for a few hours before the ethereal film covering the portal disappeared. It made sense though. The portal was created using Damien's connection with earth as a medium, so it would naturally need time to form.
It turned out to be more like a gate than a normal portal, but Damien still hadn't grasped exactly how gates functioned. And he couldn't really be blamed for this since he hadn't seen one in 4 years.
And so, after a few hours of wait, they descended.
The first thing that entered Damien's vision was the vast array of skyscrapers that yearned to touch the sky, various cars moving in every direction seemingly running away from the gate, and a crowd of people underneath him with their weapons prepared.
Thinking about it, Damien realized that this was a normal response that they would have to a massive gate appearing, but he didn't care. Now that he was back, there were a few things he needed to accomplish before he relaxed and learned how earth had changed in his absence.
And he saw one of those things at the very forefront of the crowd.
Zara slowly landed on the ground as she looked down on those heroes before her. Compared to Damien, they were utter trash, and she couldn't understand how they were born from the same world that created him.
Meanwhile, Rose was feeling something entirely different. She had completely disregarded the crowd as her eyes darted around at the technological landscape around her in fascination.
She had heard of skyscrapers and cars from Damien, but seeing them in person was a different story. Just like any normal person, Rose had never left the world she was born in. She was experiencing a pretty severe case of culture shock.
The heroes stared at the three in trepidation. At first, they were terrified of the massive beast that had descended from the gate, but now their fear had multiplied.
They had finally noticed the two people standing atop such a beast and realized that they must be stronger than it to have the capability to tame it.
Damien then jumped off of Zara's back, leaving Rose to admire the sights as he walked up to the heroes.
"You, come here." He said as he pointed to a man in the front.
Although his appearance had matured since the last time they met and he was wearing some sort of stupid costume at the moment, the blonde-haired green-eyed man was someone Damien would never forget.
When Jin saw that he was being singled out from the crowd, he straightened his back haughtily. Even with his manhood gone, he still had his pride as a top expert of humanity.
"Hmph! You dare call me like that, fiend?!" Jin said, his words reeking a misplaced sense of justice.
But Damien wasn't having it. "Shut up and come here obediently before I force you to do so."
He wanted to humiliate Jin before killing him. This was the only reason he hadn't struck yet.
Before anything else could happen, a suffocating pressure descended on the environment. "What are you doing, boy?"
Damien calmly turned his gaze up towards the old man who had just arrived on the scene. "I'm repaying old debts, old man. The better question is, why do you think you're qualified to know?"
He was unfazed by the old man's pressure. He was at most at the middle stages of 3rd class, but that meant nothing to Damien. Even if he couldn't touch a 4th class, only those at the higher and peak stages of 3rd class were his match.
But the old man didn't seem to like his attitude. "You dare speak to me like that?! Very well, let me educate you on how to respect your elders."
The old man struck his hand out, creating a palm phantom that charged towards Damien. It was entirely made of mana but contained traces of fire element within it.
Damien sighed, but he figured the best way to showcase the difference in strength was to do nothing. The massive palm phantom arrived in front of him but was promptly reduced to nothingness by Damien's vector field.
"W-who are you?" The old man said as he witnessed this scene. He never thought he'd meet someone stronger than him other than the ones he had come with.
"That shouldn't matter to you. Either step aside or lose your life."
The old man was stuck in a dilemma. He didn't know if he could last against Damien, but the one he was aiming for was too talented to let go. The old man decided to gain Damien's sympathy.
"Listen, boy. That young man you are targeting is one of the main hopes of the human race! Without him, plenty of chaos will ensue and innocents will die!
"The villains are getting brasher and brasher by the day, and we need every bit of manpower we can get. I cannot allow you to harm one of our most talented heroes!"
The terms hero and villain were new to Damien, but he wasn't too surprised by the direction the world was taking. He had just come from a true fantasy world, so seeing the superhero society of earth didn't affect him much.
Seeing that Damien was unfazed, the old man tried once more to persuade him. "There are major threats incoming that only a few people know about. Your actions could cause the deaths of millions of people if you don't act carefully! Choose righteousness and don't succumb to vile emotions!"
Damien finally got ticked off. "Old man, don't bullshit me with your talks of righteousness. Do you think I can't see your true ambitions? Those people are not my concern. You should be happy that I'm sparing an outsider like you in the first place."
Both the heroes in the vicinity and the general public watching through the news feed were shocked by his words. Millions of deaths were mentioned but he didn't care? They immediately labeled him a villain.
And while they didn't pay much attention to the word "outsider", it was what shocked the old man the most. He knew precisely what Damien was talking about.
Probably the most shocked of them all was Elena, who was still watching from a distance. The previous Damien wouldn't throw away countless lives like that.
'He's changed.'
But she felt it was inevitable. She couldn't imagine what he had to go through after he was betrayed, and she felt he was completely justified in seeking revenge. Plus, the loss of Jin wouldn't even mean that much as long as someone took his place, and she could fulfill that role if she wished.
Suddenly, the wind whooshed by her face and a beautiful girl appeared next to her. "It's good that your opinion of him hasn't changed. I'd be disappointed if it was that easy to sway you."
Elena looked at the girl with shock. The girl had shoulder-length pink hair and goldish ruby eyes, even matching her in beauty.
"Who are you?" She said with vigilance, but all she got in return was a mischievous giggle.
"I'm that guy's woman."
While the first meeting between two of the people Damien cared for most in this life was taking place, the drama continued on his side.
He proceeded to ignore the old man's ramblings as he looked back at Jin. "Did you become a dumb bitch in the 4 years it's been since we've seen each other? Or was becoming dickless what pushed you over the edge."
This infuriated Jin, but he had seen how Damien dealt with the old man's attacks. He didn't dare move irrationally. "Who are you?"
"Well, that question seems to be pretty popular today. How sad that you don't remember me. After all, you pushed me into the dungeon with your own two hands. Did you sentence so many people to death that you forgot their faces?"
These words shook Jin to his core. Although it was true that he had abandoned a relatively large number of people in dungeons, only one came to mind when he looked into those indifferent eyes.
"Y-you! You are that trash?!"
Damien shook his head with a sarcastic pained expression on his face. "Trash? Sigh, it looks like I'll have to remind you of my name. I'm done with this farce."
 "Remember me in your next life. My name is Damien Void."
This announcement caused waves of shock to ripple through the crowd, who had already retreated after the old man released his palm shadow. Many of them were part of the group of classmates he had gone to high school with, after all. And they were just talking trash about how it was good that he died.
Suddenly, Damien's voice resounded through the area.
Starfall
At first, there was no reaction. It was eerily silent as if the calm before the storm. But slowly, the temperature in the area began rising.
Sensing danger, even the old man retreated to the crowd, protecting them with a barrier. Only Jin was left in place, bound by Damien and unable to move.
The temperature became unbearable as Damien spoke his last words to Jin. "It's your misfortune to have messed with me."
A shadow blotted out the sky. It wasn't a beast or anything similar, but a massive rock that was hurling towards their position.
As the meteor passed through the atmosphere, it caught fire due to its sheer speed. Jin could only watch the scene with horror evident in his eyes.
The heat penetrated his body. His skin began to melt, followed by his muscles and organs, but the superior regeneration he possessed forced him to stay alive. He couldn't even scream in pain due to the restrictions placed on him, but he truly wished he could. It was agonizing
And then, under the horrified eyes of the millions of people who watched through their tv screens and the crowd that had gathered under the gate, the flaming meteor landed on Jin's position.
BOOOM!



Chapter 88 Return 2
The fact that they were in the middle of a city only served to make the devastation more pronounced.
Buildings crumbled into pieces and the ones closest to the impact site completely disintegrated. The ground caved and even the subway system underneath it was destroyed. As for Jin, not even a shred of his clothing remained intact.
Damien would never take innocent lives with his own two hands. The only reason he was bold enough to act in such a way was that he had already confirmed that the vicinity was clear of civilians.
As for the heroes who were watching from the distance, they were saved from the aftershocks by the old man's barrier. Well, all but one of them. The idiot named Bryce that had caused Damien so much trouble was inadvertently killed by the residual impact of his attack.
It wasn't a matter of coincidence, rather it was Bryce's own idiocy that killed him. He had refused to hide behind the barrier after learning that the man in front of them was Damien. His denial of the truth caused him to die a meaningless death.
Damien gazed at the destruction with a profound look on his face. He felt something within him dance with joy while the area around him was destroyed, but he couldn't pinpoint what it was.
Damien was satisfied that he had finally received reparations for the events of the past, and the truth is, he had been waiting for this moment. If one thought back to the previous 4 years, Damien had never killed another human being.
It could be argued that he killed the first 3rd class he met back on Apeiron, but that man ultimately died by Zara's hands. It wasn't out of some misplaced sense of justice or due to a strong moral compass, it was much pettier than that.
Damien wanted the first human he killed to be Jin. He saved that spot for the man who both caused him to endure immense suffering and gain equally immense benefits. Specifically for this purpose, Damien had refrained from making any enemies in the past 4 years.
And he really didn't feel anything about the fact that he had killed another human. It was a bit too late for Damien to feel an existential crisis or question himself for something as small as this.
How much had he slaughtered over the last 4 years? How many lives had he taken? After growing close with Zara, he didn't view beasts as simple fodder anymore. This feeling increased when he met Ethan and the beast empress.
They were all beasts or descended from beasts, but they were no different from humans. Beasts at 3rd class even had matching or superior intellect compared to average humans, so why would he consider them as inferior beings?
Damien's mentality was largely apathetic to others, especially his enemies. Killing was simply the way of the world. The beast half of him wholeheartedly believed this and his human half resonated with it as well.
Whether or not his actions were the right choice, he didn't care. If what he did today came back to bite him as consequences in the future, he'd deal with those consequences.
He didn't care in the slightest for the lives of people who weren't close to him. Jin had to die. That was that. What was happening on earth was a separate matter
Damien took a slight glance at the old man once more before speaking. "I'm sure we'll meet again."
He called Zara, who had shrunken enough to not cause mayhem, and hopped on her back. However, he soon found that there was an extra passenger.
When he turned around, he saw not one but two beautiful girls looking back at him. One of them had a sly smile on her face while the other was trying her best to hold back her tears.
Gazing at the familiar blue-haired beauty in front of him, Damien had to admit that he missed her. He knew his feelings had intensified due to the legacy tomb trial, but even without that he still missed her.
 He had thought about it before they returned. He felt it was unfair to Elena that his feelings sprouted for a fake version of herself. No matter how realistic the illusion was, in the end, it was still an illusion. So, he spent some time getting rid of those intrusive feelings.
But even without them, he still missed her. Only after seeing her in front of him once more did he realize how true this was.
"Long time no see," he said with a smile, "how have you been?"
Damien's words were light, but it was enough to break Elena's last shred of resistance. She jumped forward and hugged him as tight as she could. Damien also reciprocated, glad to see his friend after many years of separation.
When Damien was taking care of Jin's matter, Elena had talked with Rose about the past 4 years. Although Rose left most of the details for Damien to explain himself, she did make sure to mention that they were together.
And Elena immediately felt downcast about it. She had waited 4 years harboring her feelings for him, but he had come back with a woman by his side already.
But she couldn't accept it. Even if she knew in her heart that it was the truth, she still couldn't accept it. And being the woman she is, her competitive nature flared.
Even if Damien had a woman already, it didn't mean she couldn't stay with him. Even if it wasn't a romantic relationship, they were still best friends. She would do her best to keep that bond.
And so, she hugged him with all her strength. She didn't want him to leave her again.
Rose watched with a slight smile on her face as this happened. She felt like teasing her first love rival, so she didn't mention anything about the concept of harems simply to see what happened, and she wasn't disappointed.
Elena had told her about her determination to stay at Damien's side as his best friend, and Rose had happily accepted. 'Hmm, let's see how long she can suppress her feelings. I say it'll be 6 months at most.'
After a good 10 minutes that Elena spent silently crying into Damien's chest, the two of them separated as they began to talk.
Damien naturally glossed over his time in the dungeon, and mostly explained his travels in Apeiron, while Elena told him of her dungeon adventures and the changes on earth.
As they talked, Zara continued to fly until they finally reached the destination of Damien's second and most important matter on earth. It was something he didn't want to delay in the slightest.
It was time to heal his mother.
They arrived at the hospital silently, and Damien entered his mother's room through its window while the girls waited patiently for him outside.
When he arrived, he ended up staring at the familiar face he hadn't seen in many years. It was a face he dearly missed. And since Elena had been consistently paying her hospital bills, she looked the exact same as the last time he'd seen her.
With tears in his eyes, Damien spoke. "Mother, your son has finally returned."
He took one bottle of Elixir out of his inventory and carefully began pouring it into her mouth. There would usually be some sort of problem or responsibility that prevented him from curing her so fast, but Damien wasn't the type to care about any of that.
He had moved with this main goal for the past 4 years, even if he had sidetracked slightly, so why would he delay it when he already had the opportunity? It would utterly stupid if he even considered prioritizing anything else, especially after the illusion trial.
As he poured the Elixir down her throat, he gently injected his mana into her body to help her process its effects. She was still in a coma, so she wouldn't even be able to swallow on her own. The last thing Damien wanted was to accidentally kill her due to carelessness.
He put his utmost concentration into maximizing the effects of the Elixir, losing track of everything else around him. Time passed quickly, and after 10 minutes, he was finally finished.
He stepped back and watched carefully, awaiting the results. However, he was saddened to see no changes.
His mother still lay on the bed as if peacefully sleeping.
But if Damien was able to see the changes going on inside her body, his mouth would be gaping wide enough to fit a fist inside.
Her organs were strengthened, followed by her bones, muscles, and flesh. Her body reached a level stronger than the average first class.
Mana bloomed within, filling every pore of her skin and rejuvenating her system, removing the deficiency that plagued her.
The system wasn't lying when it said the effects were more pronounced on mortals. Damien's mother even seemed to age backward, looking in her late 20s rather than the 50 years she had lived. It was clear to see why Elixir was considered a heavenly medicine.
Damien had closed his eyes, silently waiting for a reaction. Even if he was someone who could kill without batting an eye or cause large-scale destruction on a whim, he was scared stiff at the thought of his mother not waking up.
And luckily, his prayers were answered. The preliminary effects of the Elixir ended, and stillness returned to the room.
In the next instant, her eyelids fluttered and slowly opened.



Chapter 89 Return 3
When Claire opened her eyes, she saw herself in an unfamiliar room. The ceiling was tiled and the bed wasn't as comfortable as the one she was used to. Not to mention the various tubes and equipment that were stuck to her body.
She felt like she had just woken up from a long sleep, but the dreams she had weren't anything she could be happy about. She had dreamed of her son speaking to her, although she couldn't see his face, she could feel his distress.
He told her about many things such as an energy called mana and a weird new world, and frankly, it all felt like her son had returned to his middle school delusions. But then one day, her son's voice disappeared.
Even if it was a dream, it was a long one and she couldn't help but feel something bad had happened to him. But no matter how she tried to wake up, she couldn't.
And then, another voice entered her dream. She knew this one since it was the voice of her son's childhood friend. But she seemed to be much older than the last time Claire had spoken to her. She also told Claire tales of this strange world, but she never mentioned Damien.
She didn't know how long she had been dreaming, but she desperately wanted to wake up. And finally, when she was able to do so, she was greeted by what she could only assume was a hospital room.
The strange thing was that she felt completely fine. Or rather, she felt even better than she did at the peak of her life. Claire slowly sat up and detached the equipment that was holding her down before looking around the room.
It was largely empty except for a single person, but seeing this person almost made her faint in shock.
"Thomas?"
Damien was shocked by the name that came out of her mouth, and only then did he realize he never knew his father's name. His mother always called him "dear" or "honey" like a movie couple, while Damien never had a reason to call him anything but dad.
However, these thoughts were irrelevant. "Welcome back, mom."
Damien couldn't stop the tears from flowing. It had been 10 years since his mother had fallen into her coma, and it was an even longer period of time that he had spent without many meaningful interactions with her.
By the time he realized how much suffering she put herself through for his sake, she had already fallen into her coma.
The sight of a grown man crying was enough to make anyone uncomfortable, but Claire only felt heart-wrenching pain at this moment. She looked at the one who had just called her "mom" and tried to compare his features to the boy she saw in her memories.
The boy had shaggy black hair that only went down to his eyebrows, but this man's hair contained streaks of silver and was slightly passed his shoulders.
The boy had bright amethyst irises with black pupils that pulled one's gaze like an abyss, but this man's eyes were a swirl of red and that previous amethyst. His cross-shaped pupils shone with starlight and firmness.
The boy was short and scrawny, no matter how he tried to grow, he never could. But this man was tall and packed with muscle.
She almost couldn't believe that the man in front of her was the same one she had seen before, but she knew it was. She just couldn't fathom the events that had changed her son into his current self.
Without her discretion, her tears began to fall as well.
Damien couldn't hold himself back anymore. He rushed to his mother and hugged her, making sure to limit his strength. His bodily strength alone could crush her if he wasn't careful.
Like a child, he cried in his mother's embrace.
And this only increased her pain. She desperately wanted to know what had happened while she was asleep, but it wasn't the time to question him. She could only slowly rub his back and console him as he cried into her bosom.
"There, there. Everything will be okay."
It took many minutes for Damien to calm down before he backed away awkwardly. Now that he had control of his emotions, he was extremely embarrassed by his previous actions.
Taking a few deep breaths, Damien started talking. It was important to fill his mother in on how things had changed so her shock wouldn't be too severe when she left the hospital room.
"Mom, it's been 10 years since you fell into a coma."
This sentence was like a bomb that went off in Claire's head. 10 years, what kind of time period was that? But Damien's words weren't over.
"The world is completely different from how it used to be. An energy called mana bloomed and a system appeared. Just call out the word 'system' in your head and you'll see. Remember how I used to embarrass myself in middle school? Well, I can actually do those things in real life now."
As he spoke, he raised his hand, causing lightning to crackle and pop in his vicinity. If Claire was shocked by the display of superpowers, she was bound to be in for more surprises when she followed her son's directions.
'System'
Status
Claire Watson
Human
Female - Age 49
Level 1 - Classless
Experience value: 0100
Title(s): NA
Affinities: Dream
Physique: NA
Magic Power: 100
STR: 40
AGI: 40
DEF: 40
INT: 40
DEX: 40
Skills: Telekinesis Level 1
 Seeing the window in front of her, she was extremely confused. There were a plethora of numbers that she didn't understand, but they seemed to be related to her.
Seeing her confusion, Damien spent some time explaining the World Awakening and the system to her. As she slowly understood what the numbers meant, she also realized they were only high due to her son's interference.
He had told her that he fed her a miracle medicine to heal her and that it strengthened her to this point. She once again had to wonder what he went through to acquire something like that.
But her shock for the day wasn't over. Damien looked through the window for a moment as if he was trying to find something, and suddenly 3 new figures appeared in the room.
Two of them were beautiful women while the third was a large black wolf.
"Mom, you already know Elena, so I don't need to introduce her. This cute one is named Zara, and one of my closest friends. You don't need to be scared since she's a lot more innocent than her looks. And finally, this beautiful girl with the pink hair is named Rose, and I guess you could say she's my girlfriend."
Damien's introduction was curt, but it got his point across.
"Nice to see you again, auntie!"
"Hello, Damien's mom!"
"H-hello auntie."
Three vastly different greetings followed.
Claire was flabbergasted at this point. Elena was expected, but the talking wolf and the other beauty that her son called his girlfriend were totally random to her.
In the first place, a talking wolf?! She almost fainted just from the absurdity of it. But since her son had already warned her, she had a slightly easier time handling it.
Trying to keep her calm, Claire returned their greetings. "Hello, girls. It's nice to meet the people my son cares about so much."
She extended her hand and carefully rubbed her fingers through Zara's fur, eliciting an innocent giggle from her.
Zara's innocence truly was a heaven-sent gift, as it served as a great way to break the awkward tension that hung in the room.
Without any further distraction, the group began talking about the various things that had happened in the past few years, with the topic mostly revolving around Damien. Elena told the story of his hard work before the fall, while Rose told the story of his deeds on Apeiron.
The mention of another world was yet another shocking occurrence for Claire, but she decided to turn her brain off and listen to the stories.
She also learned about the craziness that happened on earth and even learned about the Raisin Manipulator guy that Damien and Elena had jokingly told her about in her sleep.
That was such a left-field fact that she remembered it even after waking up from her sleep.
It was completely unrelated, but the raisin manipulator had died recently by choking on his own raisins. The death was so stupid that it was on news headlines for a solid week before it died down. Only after this last act of idiocy did people learn that the raisin manipulator was named Ansh.
The conversation continued as day turned into night, with everyone having smiles on their faces.
Damien's fall into the dungeon and recent action of dropping a meteor in the middle of Los Angeles were left out of the story, but it'd be fun to see Claire's reaction when she learned of this.
But not everyone was as happy as Damien's group. There were many moving in the shadows on earth for their own goals and purposes.



Chapter 90 Schemes 1
In the middle of Los Angeles, there was a massive skyscraper that eclipsed all else. Its build was more futuristic and even the materials used to create it were better than those surrounding it. And the most astounding fact was that this skyscraper was erected in a mere week.
This was the headquarters of Asgard, where heroes gathered, and those who managed them worked.
On the top floor of this building, 3 old men sat around a table. By the solemn atmosphere that surrounded them, it was clear that they were having an important discussion.
"Yin Jian, what exactly happened yesterday? You made a fool out of yourself!" One of the old men said. His target was a familiar old man that Damien had met not too long ago.
"It wasn't my fault. I simply decided to step in and save a promising talent, but who knew that the one I would be facing is stronger than even me?"
The other two old men had grave looks on their faces. They had seen the broadcast of the event that took place, and they had seen the devastation that was caused.
"That boy was too strong. Perhaps only you could take him on, Xiao Zhen."
The two old men looked at the third among them. He was Xiao Zhen, the strongest of the 3.
"No, he is only at the early stages of Core Formation Realm, or what they call 3rd class on this planet. It is simply that his Dao comprehension is advanced enough to allow him to fight a small realm above his cultivation."
Yin Jian and the other old man looked at Xiao Zhen in shock. 'As expected, members of the big clans are a different breed.' Not only was he able to gauge the young man's cultivation level, but he had also been able to pinpoint the reason for his strength.
"This issue should be put on hold for now, as we have more important things to worry about. Qin Huo, how is the progress on the Mana Gathering Arrays proceeding?"
The third old man replied hastily. "The arrays have been set on the appropriate areas across the planet. It shouldn't take long for us to be able to activate the formation."
"Good. The Jade Heavenly Palace is getting restless. Smaller organizations like our Burning Sun Sect are being forced to take the brunt of their emotions. We must hurry and complete our mission on this planet before those from Niflheim beat us to it."
Yin Jian suddenly spoke up. "Have we figured out the origin world of those fiends?"
Xiao Zhen could only shake his head. "It is still unknown, but the school of study called Norse Mythology within this beginner world might be a clue. They took their name from this school immediately, and we only did the same out of convenience."
"On that note, this world truly is strange," chimed Qin Huo, "they even have knowledge similar to our own world, yet it seems to be regarded as fiction by the mortal populace here."
The other two nodded. They found that earth had a variety of cultures and mythology, some of which were eerily similar to other worlds. Yet, they also found that the denizens of earth did not know about the universe besides their own world.
"This world truly is strange. Although I reported this to the Sect Master, he was unbothered. It seems that the pressure from the Central Continent is becoming too overbearing."
Xiao Zhen looked out the window as he sighed. 'The mortals here are truly interesting. They don't have the mentality of cultivators, but they're still able to make such advancements.'
'It's for this reason that I'm glad those large sects and major clans from the Central Continent have no plans to ruin this world entirely. It'll merely have a setback of a decade or so.'
However, that was only if they succeeded. Those at Niflheim didn't seem to possess the same magnanimity. From what they'd seen in the past 3 years, their plans were much more nefarious.
Sighing once more, Xiao Zhen came out of his thoughts and looked back at his two colleagues. They were from smaller families, and as such weren't aware of the power structure in the grand scheme of things.
Still, they were people he trusted and saw as brothers. Carrying this sentiment in his heart, Xiao Zhen opened his mouth once again. After all, there were still many subjects to discuss.
***
Damien spent the next week in utter relaxation. For the first time in 4 years, he didn't feel the need to constantly train and move towards a purpose.
Although he was aware of the Nox threat, he knew it wasn't immediate enough to move ceaselessly without rest. And now that he had finally returned to earth and done everything he needed to do, he felt unburdened.
In short, Damien didn't have anything to drive him anymore. Although he did have an ultimate goal to stand at the peak, it wasn't something that would force him to move.
And when Damien realized the comforts of laziness, he eased into it entirely. Currently, Damien was in his old room at his mother's house with the girls. This house wasn't the one he saw in his trial, as they had moved shortly after his dad's disappearance. Still, it was the house he had spent his high school years in, so it brought back memories.
With the bodies they had forged through tireless training, everyone in the room had extremely high metabolisms. And the result of this could be seen in the chip bags and snack wrappers that littered the room.
As for how they had been spending their days? Introducing Rose and Zara to anime, of course.
With their daily lives filled with action, the girls especially weren't interested in shonen. Damien was displeased that he couldn't catch up on the new gens that were releasing when he left earth, but he relented.
He was secretly a sucker for slice of life and romantic comedies, so he "begrudgingly" allowed them to watch these genres.
Rose was by Damien's side, cuddling up to him while she watched the tv with fascination. Although they had projector screens in Apeiron, they didn't have a profession like acting or animation. The entertainment industry was severely lacking.
Meanwhile, Elena was using Zara as a pillow and similarly staring at the screen. These two had gotten surprisingly close in the week they had known each other. Zara even let Elena act as she pleased without needing Damien's consent, unlike when she first met Rose.
The group dynamic was nice and didn't contain any awkwardness that Damien could feel, so he was happily enjoying his time, unaware of the silent war taking place in his vicinity.
After watching anime for a week, Rose had already understood the concept of Japanese harem anime, and since Elena was a native of earth and Damien's friend for so many years, she did too.
The two of them had made a silent agreement that acting in such a chaotic way would be idiotic, to say the least. It might even distract Damien from his goals, which was something neither wanted.
Elena had decided to give up on a relationship with Damien ever since she heard he was already taken, after all, she didn't have any dreams of being a homewrecker. Yet, for some unknown reason, Rose always found a reason to mess with her.
Even the way she cuddled with Damien at the moment, while seemingly innocent, was something she had done to tease Elena. She was truly enjoying the "big sister" role that she wanted to take.
Even though they wouldn't admit it when asked, and they were asked pretty often by Claire, neither of them would admit they were actually forming a good relationship. They were acting like friends who were so close they argued constantly.
The two had been like this all week. They would compete about the smallest things while doing their best not to alert Damien and the one who for the front seat view of all this was naturally Zara.
And she had to say that she was enjoying it. She didn't quite understand humans, but basing her assumptions and viewpoint on the anime she had watched in the past week, Zara was having a great time.
 She still didn't know why they fought like this, but she sensed no ill will between them, making her ignore that question. She even wanted to participate in their stunts sometimes, but sadly she still didn't have a human form.
'When I reach 4th class and become like the beast empress, I'll fight with them too!'
If either Rose or Elena heard her thoughts, they'd probably burst out laughing, wondering how Zara would react if she knew why they were acting in such a way.
"Kids! Dinner's ready!" It wasn't only Damien's group that had seemingly regressed to their teenage years, Claire had joined them as well.
It mainly started after she realized how young she looked now, but she had been acting like the mother of young teens as if trying to make up for the 10 years she had been in her coma.
And like that, another 2 weeks passed.
It was approaching a month since Damien had returned to earth, but he was ignoring everything else and lazing around in his house.



Chapter 91 Schemes 2
Outside San Fransico, California, there was another base, yet this one looked more typical of a secret hideout. It was within a swampy region that appeared not long after the World Awakening.
The geography of earth had gone through various changes, but the most prominent one was the different ecosystems that emerged. Mana had given the world plenty of possibilities for evolution, and it seemed earth wanted to become closer to nature.
Within that swampy region stood a massive dome-like structure. It seemed impractical as a location to hold a large number of people, but that wasn't its purpose. It served to be as inconspicuous as possible.
The reason the dome lacked volume was that this particular headquarters drilled deep into the ground, becoming a bunker of sorts.
And inside this bunker, there were countless villains. Those who had taken this path were all of various shapes and sizes. They used different methods for power, most of them opting for quick bursts even if they had negative effects in the long term.
Some of them didn't even look human anymore, with protrusions exiting their bodies in various places or skin features that made them look like aliens.
And the ones who caused these transformations were the 3 men that sat in an isolated conference room within the bunker.
The men looked like regular humans at a glance, but this wouldn't be able to fool the stronger beings on earth. The grotesque features they hid behind those masks were clear to see.
"Isaiah, how is progress with those humans?" One of them said.
"Good, the peasants from this race are much less civilized than those from the Cloud Plane. They fall into our temptations easily, so it wasn't a hassle at all."
The first man nodded. "Good, it's almost time we continue with our main goal. How is progress on that, Weiss?"
The third man in the room began talking.
"The core extraction process will take more time than initially expected. It seems to have made a connection with another being or object, making it difficult to bring it under us. Haldir, unless we find the source of the connection, we will not be able to proceed as planned."
Haldir nodded casually. They weren't pressed on time at all, so he didn't mind a small hindrance. "How is the response of those on Asgard?"
"The copy here on earth is barely a hindrance. They seem keener on keeping the social balance that stopping us, kekeke." Said Weiss.
"But the true Asgard is increasing the amount of pressure they try to put on us. Their origin planet is moving closer, almost as if they are using it as a vessel for war.
"Niflheim doesn't currently have the forces nor the strength to compete with them, especially since we've been putting our minds to conquering that cloud plane.
"The great benefactors also haven't spoken in many years. They only said to prepare and conquer as many worlds as we could before they were ready to move."
Isaiah had a thought that he decided to voice out. "If the great benefactors wanted us to conquer planets, why are we moving to destroy this one?"
"Hmph!" Haldr snorted in disdain. "What could this tiny planet ever hope to provide the great benefactors? We will use the core energy of this planet to enhance our own, while we conquer the middle worlds.
"First we must conquer the Cloud Plane and Asgard, and then we will continue to even the fabled higher worlds with our grand conquest!"
All three possessed fervent looks in their eyes at the mention of this. They had only heard stories about higher worlds, but the thought of putting them under their feet was intoxicating.
"I heard there's a new variable that popped up recently," mentioned Haldr as he changed the topic.
"Indeed, something about a boy and a massive beast that arrived on the planet recently. Still, I have heard that he's weak. He will not hinder our plans, so we can simply ignore him." Responded Isaiah.
The other two nodded. Their world had advanced more technologically than Apeiron or the Cloud Plane. When they arrived on earth and saw the limited technology and application, they felt repulsed. They even refused to touch these devices lest they stain their hands with filth.
These 3 men were much different than those that came from the Cloud Plane. Their designs for the world were also much more ruthless. Still, it was a plan that they had properly concealed, making those heroes from Asgard disregard their strength.
While the various organizations of the world opting to take their time and wait patiently, life on earth continued with a semblance of peace.
It was the same with Damien. After the month passed, he still continued his daily life lazing around, but every once in a while he'd get bored with the monotonous routine.
It was truly a great change of pace to do nothing, but after working consistently for 4 years without stopping, he missed the feeling of being pushed and pressured by circumstance. He wanted a new goal.
Yet, earth was still too weak to provide him that. Sure, he could go into the gates that opened and slaughter every beast within them, but there was no fun in that anymore. He got tired of dungeons after spending 2 years of his life trapped inside one.
To appease his boredom, sometimes he'd ask Rose to disguise him with her illusions and he'd go fight crime like a wannabe superhero. But even this was losing its spark. It all simmered down to the world being too weak.
Damien thought back to the old man he met when he first arrived back on earth. 'That old man was a 3rd class, but whatever world he was sent from was able to send him to a beginner world like earth without qualms.'
Damien knew what this meant. 3rd classes must be in abundance in that world. After exiting the temple, Damien had realized that in the grand scheme of things, Apeiron was weak as well. It wasn't their fault, rather they had hit a roadblock after the Nox invasion finally ended.
Many families that carried talent were wiped out, and plenty of the demigods who died weren't able to have progeny. While the common populace could birth talents as well, the peace the world had settled into had blinded them.
There weren't many who felt the drive to improve and stand above everything. Hell, even the geniuses that participated in the Nexus Event didn't feel that drive. Damien sensed this clearly, and it was the reason none of them were able to achieve much within the secret realm.
Only he, Rose, Ethan, and Matthew had this drive. They all manifested it differently, but all of them desired to stand above the heavens and look down on all creation.
Damien sighed. 'Maybe I should pay a visit to that old fogey and his friends to see what they're up to. If they're enemies, that's great, but if they're friends, I'll have to see what this whole Niflheim nonsense is about.'
Stretching his body, Damien stood up from the bed. "Alright, you girls stay here for a bit while I go meet some new friends."
Although confused, the girls agreed. It wasn't like they had to accompany Damien everywhere, and he was staying within LA anyway.
Being too clingy was something even they found annoying. Just imagining Damien following them everywhere with puppy eyes made them shudder.
Well, except for Elena. She had to suppress the sadistic side of her that would absolutely enjoy that.
Damien said a quick goodbye to his mother before leaving the house. His destination was obvious, since the massive Asgard skyscraper was clear to see no matter where in the city you were.
'Hmm, let's just walk today. I haven't taken the time to admire the sights.'
Elena had already done a deeper overview of what had changed on earth while she was explaining things to his mother, but he still hadn't seen it for himself, nor did he have the chance to appreciate it.
He was faster than flying cars and could fly on his own, so there was no point in that. Also, he had graduated from materialistic vanity long ago. Not to mention he didn't have any money that would be accepted on earth.
Damien walked through the streets of LA calmly. The wind blew in his face and caused his hair to flutter, painting a beautiful picture for the passerbys.
With earth being less developed, Damien's handsomeness ended up standing out more once he arrived. The people in this world weren't used to seeing people who reached his level, and the other 3rd classes were old men. They were appreciated more for their scholarly aura than their looks.
 His walk was truly like a novel scene. Heads turned at every intersection and women swooned with hearts in their eyes. Even some men couldn't help but fall for him. The others simply cast him hateful and envious gazes, as even they couldn't help but admit Damien's attractiveness. 
And Damien thoroughly enjoyed this. It was a rare occasion that he could simply come out like this and bask in glory. He was usually stopping himself from doing so in order to remain humble.
As he thought about these things, Damien arrived at his destination. Sighing lightly at the fact that his ego trip had to end, he walked into the building.
It was time to differentiate allies from enemies.



Chapter 92 Schemes 3
Upon entering the building, Damien was greeted by a large reception hall similar to a hotel. Various chairs and tables were set along its area and many heroes sat there to chat. There was even a small cafeteria area where restaurant chains had set up branches.
Aligned with the back wall, there was an area where the reception desks stood, but instead of just a single receptionist, there were dozens of them lining the entire wall.
Each of these receptionists had a queue lined up in front of them. This was to be expected, though, since Asgard wasn't just an American organization, but one that spanned the entire world.
They only had a single headquarters where people would come to get inducted as heroes and ranked, while many smaller branches of the organization spanned the globe to manage heroes in their selective countries.
Still, this was a centralized organization, and to make sure that the power balance within it wouldn't be disrupted, many official activities were carried out solely within the headquarters.
Damien took a minute to admire the sights before joining one of the queues. He didn't consider himself a patient person, but he also wasn't problematic enough to cause a fuss over a little bit of waiting.
It took about two hours for Damien's turn to finally arrive, but he wasn't bored in his waiting. Returning to earth also meant returning to technology, specifically cellphones.
Damien had made it a priority to get himself a phone during the month he had been relaxing, so he could spend idle time like this listening to music and scrolling through social media apps. Social media was another surprise Damien received.
While it was obvious that social media would always be a popular facet on earth, he didn't expect it to blow so out of proportion. There were countless people who made a living through creative uses of their powers on social media, yet the term influencer didn't quite fit them anymore.
The advent of a super-powered world made people's opinions much harder to sway since status was mainly built on strength nowadays.
Anyway, Damien arrived at the desk, where the lady politely greeted him.
"Welcome to Asgard headquarters! Are you here to become a hero today, or did you have any special inquiries?"
Damien didn't know how to respond. He couldn't just begin the conversation with "I want to speak to the leaders" or something without sounding like a criminal, but he didn't know how to lead into that topic either.
"Ehem, do you mind telling me what the structure of the higher floors is like? Ah, not like physical structure I mean the people who work there."
The lady was a bit suspicious, but after Damien's clarification she assumed he was thinking about working a desk job in the building, so she answered his questions.
"Right, the Asgard skyscraper is 200 stories tall, making it the tallest building in the world. And due to this height, there are various facilities available for use.
"Let's start with the bottom 30 floors. These act as both a testing and training area for heroes. As you know, when a hero wants to join Asgard, they will be tested and assigned a rank that ranges from F to SSS. This rank determines their privileges and the level of activity they are allowed to engage in.
"The facilities used to test and determine these ranks are present on the first 10 floors. The next 20 floors are filled with various training areas for new or even veteran heroes to use. These were designed specifically by our founders, so their functionality is proven.
"After that, there are 30 floors that function as a sort of hotel or apartment complex. The people who work in this building sometimes choose to live within it as well, since the entry and exit tend to get crowded on a daily basis.
"And from there, we get to the more work-related floors. Everything from the 61st floor to the 196th floor is used for logistics and management. Since Asgard is a global organization, things can get hectic without proper order.
"As for the final 4 floors, I am not allowed to disclose that information, as they are strictly reserved for the founders and those allowed by them."
Damien listened to this explanation with slight surprise. The 200 stories seemed unnecessary and simply for vanity purposes, but it looked like they were all put to good use. After all, support staff for every country in the world was bound to take up a lot of space.
Still, he didn't know how to feel since the explanation didn't really give him any help. Sighing, Damien decided there wasn't any way to alert them besides causing a scene.
"Looks like I have to do this the hard way. Miss, with your strength, you'll probably get hurt in what's about to come, so please back up to a safe distance."
Damien didn't have any interest in harming civilians, but he made sure to say his words in as strict a tone as he could muster. Feeling suffocated by the invisible pressure Damien was giving off, both the receptionist and those in line behind him backed off.
Once they were at a distance Damien deemed safe enough, he fully released his aura as a 3rd class.
The entire hall descended into silence. The pressure gripped the hearts of many within the room and instilled fear into their very beings. Nobody knew what Damien wanted, but his actions made him seem like a villain who'd arrived at the headquarters to cause harm.
On the top floor of the building, Yin Jian also felt this pressure. Though it didn't suffocate him, he felt it was familiar. Yet, it wasn't the aura of any 3rd class he knew. 'Unless…'
Thinking of the possibility, Yin Jian immediately flew off the balcony and descended to the pavement below. It was the easiest way to make it to the ground.
Re-entering the building, he saw Damien standing in the middle of the room. "Boy, I don't know why you've come, but I hope it isn't to cause trouble."
Damien turned to the sound of this voice and smiled before retracting his aura. "Ah, it's my fault. I wanted to do things the civil way but I really couldn't think of another way to contact you."
The old man sighed helplessly. Indeed, they didn't know each other so this was the fastest way to elicit a response. He could only marvel at Damien's boldness against the assumptions people would make.
"Alright, if talking is all you came for, come with me to the top. It's inconvenient to stay here."
Yin Jian left and once again began flying to the balcony he came from, and Damien followed him with a light smile on his face.
Although Yin Jian was a bit apprehensive, he felt that with his other two companions together, they wouldn't have to worry about Damien in the slightest.
And this assumption was partially correct. Although Damien's combat prowess allowed him to fight high-level 3rd class beings, this was only in 1v1 fights. In a group scenario, he'd be extremely limited. Still, escaping would be easy so he had nothing to fear.
Arriving at the penthouse, Yin Jian led Damien to the conference room where the three old men had met previously, before calling his companions.
"Just wait a few moments for them to arrive, then we can begin any discussion."
Yin Jian watched as Damien sat with a leisurely look on his face. He was aware that Damien would be able to sense the other two existences within the penthouse, but seeing the relaxed expression on his face, Yin Jian began having some doubts.
'It can't be that he thinks he can take all three of us at once, right?'
It didn't take long for Xiao Zhen and Qin Huo to arrive. Looking at the boy in front of them, both of them hid their surprise.
'Indeed, his talent might even be on par with those geniuses from the Central Continent.' Xiao Zhen thought.
Still, he kept indifferent on the outside. "What have you come to discuss with us?"
Damien looked at this man with only a single thought. 'Strong.' Xiao Zhen was strong enough for Damien to be on alert, but he still responded in kind.
"Mm, my purpose today is simple. I'm here to determine whether you lot are allies or enemies. As you already know, I'm a native of this world, so I can't allow you to destroy it or impact it negatively."
The three men became serious.
"I assume that you're already aware that we came here for selfish intentions," Yin Jian said, "but we have no intention to do anything permanently harmful to this small world."
Damien nodded. He had guessed this much from the beginning. There's no way people from a much stronger world would descend here if they didn't have some sort of machinations or plans.
"Then? What exactly do you have planned?"
This time, it was Xiao Zhen who spoke.
"We can discuss these more intricate things later. Just know that rather than us, you should beware of whatever those fiends in Niflheim have planned."



Chapter 93 Schemes 4
"Niflheim, huh."
Damien felt it was pretty cliche for the evil organization to be the one plotting nefariously, but he still listened to what the old men had to say.
"We haven't figured out what exactly Niflheim is planning, but we know that in the end, they will destroy the planet. They aren't only this planet's enemy, but also that of our Cloud Plane. They've been attempting invasion for many years."
Xiao Zhen continued. "As for our own goal, it is to siphon a part of the natural mana already in this world's atmosphere. Although there are no negative effects in the long term, the denizens here will progress slower for at least a decade before the mana levels return to normal."
Hearing this objective, Damien fell into thought. Truthfully, he didn't care about earth at all after he had saved his mother. He already had plans to move her to Apeiron, where the mana density was thicker and society was at peace, so she could live a better life.
After all, even in the 4 years he had been gone, earth had become a small battleground for the stronger worlds within the cosmos. The old man had mentioned the Cloud Plane, and Damien already knew of its existence.
It was one of the many worlds that were discovered through the gates that opened on earth. And the way the forces of both Niflheim and the Cloud Plane received earth's location was most likely through citizens of earth who were swayed by wealth or power.
It had already been mentioned that entry through gates back to the beginner world wasn't permitted to outsiders, so any other possibility could be immediately ruled out.
"And so? Why do you guys need the mana of earth?"
Yin Jian and Qin Huo looked toward Xiao Zhen. He was their representative and the one with the most power of the three, so decisions like revealing more about their world to Damien rested on his shoulders.
Xiao Zhen took a moment to consider the pros and cons of such an information exchange. On one side, he could gain a valuable ally in this talented youth and also continue unobstructed in their plans with earth, while on the other, there was the risk of this youth going over to the enemy side and spilling their secrets.
He never once considered the consequences of having Damien himself as an enemy. Even if Damien was powerful by their standards, against their entire world he was nothing.
Hell, even against those major powers on the Central Continent he was but another young genius who had the potential to rise in power.
Thinking this far, Xiao Zhen decided to answer Damien's question. "The peak powers of our world have discovered new methods of gaining levels called cultivation.
"Cultivation is a simple process, as it involves absorbing and circulating ambient mana in specific patterns to increase mana capacity and even level.
"It was a shocking discovery, but it made sense in the end. Experience points that contribute to leveling up are gained when one enhances or adds to their 'legend'.
"This concept is one that the system constantly reminds us about when we make large achievements, but it's never fully explained. We still don't know exactly what a legend is, but even years of hard work spent cultivating will earn you experience to level up.
"While the process may be tens, or even thousands at the higher levels, of times slower than more conventional methods of leveling, it is still extremely beneficial.
"The only problem is that with the advent of cultivation, the mana levels of the world weren't able to keep up. This wouldn't have been a problem if it was discovered in the present time, but it's been a common practice in our world for tens of thousands of years.
"And in the recent times, we've encountered a major threat to civilization."
Getting this far, Xiao Zhen's face became solemn. "We haven't discovered exactly what they are, but there is a force behind Niflheim that is plotting their movements. We've discovered that this force is much greater than we can fathom.
"In preparation for war that might come when this force makes a move, the peak powers of our Cloud Plane have decided on the strategy of stealing mana from lower worlds to supplement our own.
"This way people will be able to gain strength faster without having to worry about depleting the mana density of the world."
Damien listened to all this with rapt attention. These weren't conflicts on the country scale or even the continental scale, these were wars between worlds. Just thinking about such a grand battle made his blood boil.
And he knew what the most likely backer for the forces of Niflheim was. It had to be the Nox. Ever since their invasion of Apeiron, they'd apparently kept quiet, but it was obvious they were gathering forces to strike once more.
And from what he was hearing, they weren't planning to strike Apeiron, but countless other worlds instead.
 'Just what is their purpose? Is it just for domination, or is there something bigger?" 
Damien couldn't help but feel that there was some kind of grand scheme behind the scenes, but he shook off that thought. He didn't have the strength nor the ability to unravel such things.
Rather, his thoughts were on something else. 'The Cloud Plane seems to be much stronger than Apeiron, and if they're going to war with Niflheim…'
It'd definitely be something he wanted to get involved in. Maybe he couldn't stop the war or act as a one-man army, but he could definitely deal some heavy blows if he planned his moves right.
Still, that came later. First, he had to deal with the troubles taking place on earth. While he didn't care much about it, he knew his mother held attachments to this world. Even if it was just for her sake, he couldn't allow it to get destroyed.
But putting it through a decade's worth of setbacks was nothing major. They would still be able to build themselves back up, and Damien assumed that with such a low quantity of mana, other larger worlds wouldn't hold much interest in earth.
"Very well. I don't mind if you guys continue with your plan concerning the mana gathering, but I expect full cooperation when it comes to Niflheim. We can discuss other matters after that is taken care of."
The three old men nodded. Although Damien was still just a boy, there was something about his aura and demeanor that made them feel subservient. Even Xiao Zhen felt this. It wasn't a matter of strength nor wits, as together they surpassed Damien in both of these fields.
Simply, they felt the natural aura of a leader. Not the kind that would sit in the shadows or lead an empire, but of a spiritual pillar who could effortlessly unite people under his banner.
'The future of this boy will surely be bright." Yin Jian thought to himself. He might have just been a spectator for most of this conversation, but he still had his own opinions on the proceedings.
Damien and the three old men talked for a few more hours about various matters before he finally took his leave. He once again decided to walk home, as he had many things to think about.
'Those old men said that the so-called villains are being transformed and granted power beyond their own level. And those that receive this power mutate into alien-like beings. It sounds awfully similar to the story of the Nox on the temple walls.'
Back then, the Nox had converted people into puppets for their own use, and when the invasion happened, those followers went around murdering innocent civilians like madmen.
The soul fragment of Kurt Galloway had mentioned that these people had abnormal strength, yet they didn't mutate into strange creatures.
'Well, the methods of a lackey obviously won't be as refined as those of its master.'
Damiens's first priority was to move his mother and Elena off of earth. If there was even the slightest chance that earth would become a dangerous place, he wouldn't allow them to stay here.
'There's also the matter of the Cloud Plane.'
Truthfully, Damien wanted to go to the Cloud Plane alone. He even wanted to leave Rose behind.
It wasn't that their strength couldn't contribute to his goals or that he didn't want their company, rather, he felt that it would be more convenient if there were fewer outsiders suddenly appearing out of nowhere.
His initial thought process wasn't like this, though. He had wanted to bring Rose along for this adventure as he had plenty of fun when they explored the secret realm together, but he had a hard time convincing those old fogeys about it.
It took an hour to even convince them to allow him to accompany them, so when he asked to bring others he was vehemently rejected.
'Well, I can deal with that problem when the time comes. For now, let's deal with the matters on earth.'
He kept getting sidetracked thinking about the future, but he couldn't help himself. Although dealing with schemes on earth was necessary, it didn't spark his spirit of adventure like traveling to other worlds and participating in planetary battles did.
Earth was simply a chore, while those other matters were going to be done out of his own volition
'Well, let's deal with Niflheim now.'



Chapter 94 Preparation 1
Well, even if he wanted to deal with Niflheim immediately, he didn't have the means to do so. After all, he didn't even know where they were located.
Xiao Zhen had told him that they would be in the vicinity of LA, but that wasn't much to go on. He wondered if it was even possible to rule out the ocean, but he quickly scraped that thought.
If the rest of earth was simply a playground for Damien, the only place he had to be wary of was the ocean. Even before the World Awakening, more than 80% of the ocean was unmapped and unexplored. The world's terrain had changed since then, and nobody knew what had happened to the ocean.
The only known fact was that it was dangerous. The cultivation of beasts was much simpler than that of humans in the sense that they didn't need to level up until they reached 4th class. As long as they ate other beasts, they'd gain power.
And so, when the massive oceans of the world came into contact with mana, and the animals within it became beasts, one could only imagine the chaos that would ensue.
In the past 3 or so years, sea travel became an entirely unviable option. Boats would immediately get attacked by rampaging beasts even near the shore, and the journey would only become more dangerous when they arrived further at sea.
And it wasn't just the native beasts born on earth that would be a problem. Dungeons weren't around for the benefit of humans, rather they were there to support some sort of balance within the universe, at least this is what the denizens of earth figured out from otherworlders they met in dungeons.
And if gates didn't discriminate, then it was obvious that some would open within the ocean. These gates would go untouched and uncleared, and eventually, they would lead to dungeon breaks.
Beasts within those gates would flood the sea. Two possible situations would occur from that point forward.
The first scenario was when the gate was aquatic in nature and new species of beasts with varied strength would enter the ocean's ecosystem, either propagating or ruling within the area.
The second was when the gate wasn't aquatic in nature. In this scenario, the beasts that break through the gate would, in most situations, end up drowning or being crushed by the pressure of the deep seas.
 While this may seem to be a better outcome, it wasn't. The corpses of these beasts would be feasted on by those already living in that ecosystem, providing greater strength to the already existing beasts.
In the deepest areas of earth where humans could never reach, there were potentially an innumerable amount of 3rd class beasts lying in wait.
Damien wanted to visit the depths of the ocean one day and see if he could find anything interesting but now wasn't the time. Maybe once he was finished with the Niflheim business or after he finished his adventure in the Cloud Plane he'd return for this purpose.
Taking his thoughts off the ocean, Damien decided to check the land areas surrounding the city. And he had to say that he was truly shocked by what he saw.
Before his fall, he'd never left Los Angeles, and after the World Awakening, he didn't even have the mind to watch the news. Even Elena was the same. Due to this, their view on earth had remained relatively untarnished.
But even when Damien simply flew around the other areas of California, he could see the vast differences in both geography and population.
Major cities like San Diego or San Francisco were relatively untouched, as their large population meant they'd always have heroes there to protect them from any major damages, but most smaller cities were in ruin.
Damien had just been thinking about the evolution of normal animals into beasts that occurred within the ocean, but he'd made an oversight when considering the surface.
Even if humans were the most dominant species, that didn't mean there was a lack of animals by any means. Within the countless forests and even the smaller ecosystems that existed, there were many beasts. And with the way the instincts of a beast worked…
Damien shuddered at the thought. How much of humanity had truly been decimated already? Even if the strongest and most populated areas maintained a sense of normalcy, what about the rest? How much land had been lost to beasts?
Thinking about areas like the Amazon Rainforest that were dangerous to humans even before beasts existed on earth, Damien felt that the situation was much more concerning than he originally thought.
Still, it wasn't like he could do anything about it. Even if he tried his hardest, it would probably take years to clean up even just the Amazon. He couldn't imagine shouldering the weight of the world and being a hero who saves everyone.
Damien chuckled at the irony of his situation. In general, his worldview was already on a planetary scale. He was thinking about traveling different worlds and participating in massive battles.
Yet, his view of earth was still so narrow-minded. Perhaps it was the effect of living in Apeiron for so many years, where peace reigned and order had been established.
All the while, Damien was still flying around California searching for the Niflheim headquarters. It was one of the largest states in America, so he was essentially searching for a needle in a haystack. Plus, even if he could cover all of California in his search, it would by no means be instant.
He had already spent an entire day flying at his fastest speeds and he'd probably only covered 20% of the state. His power level was still at most enough to destroy a city.
But Damien was long past the point of getting fatigued with only this much. Sleep was a luxury for him, not a necessity. Damien continued to search throughout the night and even into the next day without rest. He only stopped when his mana capacity was getting low so he could recharge.
And his ceaseless effort finally paid off. Damien was getting bored, so he circled around Sacramento one more time before heading back to Los Angeles. However, he soon stumbled upon a swamp region that seemed to span until the San Fransisco area.
Wanting to explore the strange terrain a bit, Damien slowed down his travels. It was then that he finally noticed the inconspicuous dome-like structure that existed within the swamp.
It was extremely easy to miss, as even its color blended with the murky water, but Damien's perception was too high for such camouflage to work. Ironically, he would have found the area easier if they had used some sort of illusion for concealment.
Damien completely hid his aura before carefully approaching the dome. Something about the structure just screamed "evil villain base" to him. Maybe it was all those comics he read as a kid.
Damien didn't rashly enter the dome, since if he was correct about its origins, there were bound to be 3rd classes inside. He simply waited in the air, using his vector control to refract light and become invisible. Along with the earring artifact that hid his presence, his concealment was almost perfect.
This wasn't a method he used often, since he had Rose, an illusion expert, by his side, but it was still convenient at times like this. Damien waited patiently for hours, watching for any movement on the outskirts of the dome.
And finally, he found what he was looking for. A grotesque man with a globular body and antenna on his head emerged from the dome, flying to some unknown location.
'So this is what they meant by alien. Well, he definitely looked like something out of a crappy sci-fi movie.'
Damien continued to watch for the next day as many different people who used to be humans exited and entered the dome. It was enough proof for him that this location was indeed a base of Niflheim.
Whether it was the main base or not was yet to be seen, but the old men from Asgard had mentioned that the leaders of Niflheim had situated their main base in California for convenience.
All that was left was for Damien to go inform his companions about what he found. He wanted to infiltrate the base and learn of the plans they had for earth before taking any offensive action or even informing the guys from the Cloud Plane.
Their relationship, at best, could be called a partnership. There was no underlying trust that built a foundation for them, only respect for each other's strengths. Damien had to confirm whether the worlds of those old men were true before he made any drastic decisions.
Using his naivety against him wasn't something Damien would allow, and if it happened it wasn't something he'd take lightly.
Though the old men didn't know it, Damien was still in the process of separating allies from enemies.



Chapter 95 Preparation 2
After memorizing his location so he could warp back later, Damien flew away from the dome before teleporting back to the house.
Arriving, he started telling the girls about what he found. He'd already briefed them about the situation before he left on his search, so he only needed to tell them about the hideout.
And since they were already on the subject, he told them about the conditions of the world outside the city.
"To be honest, it's stupid that we never considered the possibility before you said it," Elena said. She was slightly downcast about the state of the world, but she was similar to Damien in the sense that she knew she couldn't do anything about it, so she didn't fret.
However, unlike Damien, she held on to the possibility that once she became strong enough, she could come back and make the world a more peaceful place.
After a slight interlude, Damien spoke about the dome-like structure he had found. He also described the mutated people he had seen exiting it.
"It's pretty obvious what the identity of that structure is, but I have no interest in charging in blindly. Rose, I want you to come with me so we can do a little infiltration mission."
Rose nodded. "That's no problem. It's been getting a little boring sitting around and doing nothing anyway."
"What about us?" Elena spoke, referring to herself and Zara. "Rose has already shown that she can cast illusions on others that don't wear off as long as we have mana, so it shouldn't be a problem for us to join as well."
Well, she was talking more for herself than anything. Zara had her own concealment abilities, and they were one of her main strengths. She didn't need any help to hide from others' senses.
Damien fell into thought. It was true that Rose could use her illusions to hide Elena if she wanted, Damien's only problem was with safety. If more people infiltrated with him, they'd have to split up, and Damien wouldn't be there to protect them.
Rose, seemingly sensing Damien's worries, chimed in. "Aren't you being a bit too paranoid? Or did you forget that we aren't some weaklings that are here to burden you?"
Looking around the room, Damien started to feel like an idiot. It wasn't just Rose, but Elena and Zara as well who were all glaring at him. It was definitely true that he had forgotten their strength.
With Rose, although he knew she was strong, he had never seen her fight alone. But that reasoning was illogical. If she couldn't hold her own, how did she even reach him on Godspark Mountain? And wasn't she the one who did the most to kill the Nox within the ancient temple?
Zara was the same. Damien had only fought together with her and had never seen her hunt alone, but that didn't mean she never did.
When he was building his mana circuits and when he was within the legacy tomb, even during certain periods while climbing Godspark mountain Zara had evolved without Damien's watch.
And the final one was Elena. His trust was a bit rockier when it came to her since he had never seen her fight since he came back to earth. On top of this, she was still at 2nd class unlike the rest of them. Perhaps it was due to the conditions of earth, but it didn't change the facts.
Hesitating a bit, Damien spoke once again while looking at Elena. "Fine. Rose and Zara are good, but I've never seen you fight. Spar against Rose and based on the outcome we can vote on whether you can come or not."
Damien felt like he was being too commanding, but it was necessary. Whether he saw this as a serious venture or not didn't matter. To a second class, walking into the den of 3rd classes was almost always suicide.
However, it would be a different story if Elena could prove that her prowess matched Damien and Rose's back when they were near the peak of 2nd class.
Elena nodded almost immediately. Not only would she be able to prove she wasn't a burden, but she'd also get to fight Rose, which was something she'd been wishing for since many weeks ago.
Receiving her affirmation, Damien teleported the group to a more secluded area on the outskirts of the city. He didn't want to deal with his mother's wrath if they ended up destroying the backyard.
Damien sat atop Zara in the distance while Rose and Elena faced each other within the grassy hills they were situated on. Looking at the two, Damien nodded his head.
"Start!"
Elena rushed first. She pulled her sword out of the spatial ring Damien had gifted her and appeared directly in front of Rose, moving so fast she left afterimages in her wake.
 Although surprised, Rose was still able to react calmly. However, she didn't use any weapons since the strength gap was already big enough. 
She simply shaped the wind around her into a sickle shape and used it to block the oncoming sword.
Swoosh!
The impact didn't create an explosion, but the shockwave that erupted managed to raze the grass within their vicinity.
Rose smirked at this sight. "Is that all you can do?"
Elena usually wouldn't fall for such light provocation, but against Rose, she always felt she couldn't control herself. She immediately resumed her offensive, continuously swinging her sword.
She didn't stay in one place, though. Elena's speed was insane as she almost teleported from one spot to another, circling Rose while slashing with her sword.
The sword itself was similar to a katana, but its quality wasn't the same as the weapons Damien and Rose had. Only while watching the fight did Damien realize the discrepancy. 'Looks like we need to get her a replacement soon.'
Still, the weapon was enough for now. Elena continued to move around Rose as many afterimages started forming. Their movements became synced and it became almost impossible to tell which was the real Elena.
Rose was definitely surprised by this move. She tried to use her wind to disrupt the images, but they didn't budge. It was almost as if they were being supported by something else.
It was then that a change occurred. The earth began rumbling as many holes were formed in its surface. Out of these holes, tens of thick tree roots shot towards Rose.
Boom!
Finally, an explosion was produced. Rose shot wind bullets at the roots, causing massive gashes in their surfaces before cutting them with her wind sword.
All this while, Elena kept attacking in the forefront.
The battle raged on for another half an hour but didn't seem like it would stop any time soon. With Elena's strategy of continuous heavy assault, any normal 2nd class would have long since run out of stamina already. But this didn't apply to her.
Elena's specialty was always her sustainability in battle. No matter what, she always refused to be the first one to tire out.
At this point, Rose had decided it was enough. Elena had already proven herself capable, so she felt the battle didn't need to go on any longer. Wanting to teach Elena a little lesson, Rose made her move.
Illusory Throne
Along with her words, the environment was caped in darkness. Elena stopped her movement as her afterimages slowly disappeared. Instead of panicking, she warily looked at the surroundings, assessing her options.
Figures started emerging from the darkness. Beasts, humans, and grotesque combinations between them charged at Elena. Besides this, many horrible scenes flashed by her vision. Mass slaughters and genocide were displayed before her eyes.
Unwilling to succumb to this mental warfare, Elena closed her eyes and covered her body in greenish white mana. It looked similar to wind element, but everything about it other than its appearance was different.
Elena felt a vigorous life aura seep into her body and mind, clearing anything she considered as impurity. When she reopened her eyes, she was back within the darkness.
It wasn't that the illusions disappeared or stopped attacking her, rather Elena simply stopped seeing them. It was similar to the effects of Damien's eyes.
Staring at the endless abyss that constituted the sky, Elena raised her arm.
Judgement
Blinding light emerged from the darkness, bathing everything in its warm glow. However contrary to the purity of its aura, the action itself was deadly. 10 massive golden swords formed in the air. Even Damien could see their light from outside the illusory throne domain.
And then, Elena dropped her arm. The swords of light shot forward at blinding speeds, hitting their various targets. 3 swords impaled the ground, 3 impaled the ceiling, and the other 4 impacted the walls.
Even though everything was constructed from illusions, the swords struck as if they were material objects. And then, another blinding flash occurred as the swords imploded.
A rain of light arrows showered the environment around Elena, seemingly unwilling to leave a single spot untouched.
And slowly, cracks began forming in the illusory domain. Rose wasn't going to allow this. She summoned her throne and prepared to counter Elena, inadvertently giving up her position.
Elena turned to her with the same attitude, ready to fight until one of them dropped. However, their battle was abruptly put to an end.
Damien arrived in the middle of the domain and teleported them away from each other, using his vector control to prevent them from moving.
"Alright, Elena has already proven herself. You guys can continue this after we finish our missions."



Chapter 96 Infiltration 1
The girls were visibly disappointed that their fight had been interrupted, but they didn't complain. They had other priorities for now. Still, this didn't prevent them from glaring daggers at each other.
Damien decided to change the topic to defuse the tension a bit. "Wow, I didn't expect that you'd have grown so strong already. What was that last move you did? And the one with the roots too."
Elena beamed as she proudly explained. "About a year after you left, I gained a new life affinity. I didn't quite understand it, but its purpose is geared more towards healing. Still, it also encompasses nature so I can do cool stuff like that.
"As for that last move, it's a skill I created. Judgement is a light element skill and you could see its effects from the battle earlier. In the beginning, I could only form a single sword and have it strike an enemy, but now I can do more creative things like the arrow shower I used."
Damien was truly impressed. Not only was her combat prowess enough to join them on their mission, but it might also be better than Damien and Rose's own combat prowess when they were at her level.
They were both able to jumó levels within 3rd class and fight stronger opponents, so for Elena to put up such a good fight against Rose was a true testament to her capabilities.
'Not to mention that her light element seems to be a direct counter for Rose's illusions.'
Though, Damien wouldn't mention this out loud. He didn't know what kind of backlash he'd suffer if he did.
Zara soon joined the girls as they chatted for a few hours while recuperating their mana. Since things were already decided, there was no more need to hesitate. It was almost time to infiltrate Niflheim.
Damien took the time when the girls rested to think up a plan. After all, at this point he was still planning on charging in head-on, even if he was doing it in a more concealed manner.
He could easily ask Rose for he'll, since she had been the main planner in the Monolith Code event during the tournament, but Damien wanted to practice his skills in scheming a bit. It was something he'd need to master in the future, so it was good to get an early start.
'Hmm, even if I want to practice, I have no guidelines to go off of. All I can think of is the fact that we need to infiltrate.'
Still, this wasn't an area Damien could excel at effortlessly as he did with more physical training. Even when it came to comprehension his abilities were top tier, but for some reason, it seemed his brain wasn't geared towards long-term planning or scheming.
'I need at least a basic ability to scheme. If not to scheme myself, it will still be helpful to unravel the schemes of others.'
Damien continued to think about the plan after infiltrating. He started basic, assigning the team composition. That part was easy. He was able to act as a one-man army on the smaller scale of things, especially on earth. Thus, he only needed help with concealment.
'But I still haven't mastered my vector control. Using the light refraction technique would be a good way to practice sustainability.'
Even if he got caught, it would be light work for him to escape. He was sure there wouldn't be any formations or anything that could lock space, especially since there wasn't even an illusion formation to hide the location.
'Then, I'll put Rose and Elena together since Elena doesn't have her own concealment methods. At least I think so.'
There was no way for him to know all of Elena's cards unless she told him, and he respected her privacy so he never asked. However, Elena had light element so she hypothetically should be able to use the same light refraction technique as him, even if it was implemented differently.
'Maybe she just hasn't thought of it?'
Either way, he decided to put the two girls on the same team. As for him and Zara, they would work mostly alone. They would still stay near each other though, so it could only technically be counted as moving solo.
As for location, that wasn't something he could plan yet. He did not know the layout or structure of the base, which would be a problem. But none of them possessed memory reading techniques so it would be hard to get a foolproof answer.
 'I haven't tested the waters when it comes to torture yet.'
This would be the easiest method for him to gain information. Plus, since the victims had virtually sold their souls for power, he didn't need to feel remorse for his actions.
'Good, let's do that. After I figure out the floor plan, I'll put together a rough outline for the rest of the plan.'
With that thought, Damien vanished from where he stood. The girls were startled at first, but Zara assured them that he was just doing some more preparation before they left.
Knowing that he would be gone for a while, Rose and Elena once again fiercely glared at each other.
"You're not bad for someone at your level," Rose said in a slightly condescending tone.
"Yeah, and you're pretty weak for someone at yours." Elena was quick with a comeback.
"If it wasn't for the fact that light was a natural counter, you wouldn't have done so well."
"If you were really as good as you claim to be, wouldn't a natural counter be too little to stop you?"
"You're just lucky I went easy on you!"
The girls argued for hours on end. Zara got a kick out of watching this since their fight had king devolved into petty insults. Neither of them was willing to back down, but since they didn't see each other as enemies and just as rivals, they were limited on the insults they could actually use.
When night finally fell, Damien reappeared in his previous position. The girls had already sensed the spatial fluctuations and stopped their argument.
"Alright then, here's the plan."
Naturally, both Rose and Elena were dissatisfied that they had been paired up, but in the end, they said nothing. It was for the success of the plan, or at least that's what they told themselves.
After splitting up the teams, Damien went on to the further details.
"There's nothing much that needs to be said. The hideout is like a bunker that spans deep into the earth, but I don't know much else. However, the entire 3rd floor of the bunker is sealed off to all personnel, since it's where their leaders reside."
This was all the information Damien could get, even after using any torture method he was creative enough to come up with. The usage of the facilities from the 4th floor down were also outlined, but everything after the 65th floor was unknown even to the strongest of the villains he'd captured.
When Damien told this to the girls, they were able to connect the dots.
"That must be where the juicy stuff is."
"Right, if we want to find anything besides run-of-the-mill villain stuff, we'll have to get into those floors."
Damien also agreed with this. He had already told them that the enemies were otherworlders rather than the villains of earth, so their opinions were formed with all information they currently had.
"Also, I learned that the security isn't that tight until you reach those deeper floors. They don't seem to have many branch locations, so there's a constant influx of villains going in and out.
"The personalities of these villains are also varied, with some of them being super eccentric. A lot of them are stuck in crazed delusions because they have power. As long as we aren't obvious, it shouldn't be a problem fitting in. All we need to do is figure out how to infiltrate the 65th floor." Damien added.
"Well, we can each use our own methods to get past that hurdle. If we plan too thoroughly, we won't be able to react with fluidity if things go south." Rose explained.
The other two also nodded. And from then on, there was no need for further talk. Damien warped them to the concealed location he had marked previously and Rose promptly put the three of them in disguise.
Zara returned to her old spot within Damien's shadow, which had gone unused for the past many months.
At least until they had made proper entry into the building, this type of move was necessary. Quickly, the three of them split into the predetermined teams.
"Be safe, and if you get caught, your first priorities are your lives," Damien said as he looked at the two girls.
They nodded back in affirmation before parting ways.
Around half an hour after the girls left, Damien also made his way towards the entrance of the large dome.
'Now, Niflheim, let's see if you can show me something interesting.'



Chapter 97 Infiltration 2
Beginning the infiltration was simple. All Damien had to do was walk into the dome-like structure as if he belonged there in the first place. Nobody questioned him and nobody stopped him, there wasn't even any sort of identification point inside.
Damien walked in a pompous manner as if he viewed himself as someone above everyone surrounding him, and this air alone made people avoid him. Nobody liked conversing with pretentious people.
The area of the dome-like structure was mostly empty, with some training rooms that seemed to be there solely as cover for everything happening underneath. Scattered around the area were plenty of elevators, one of which Damien took.
The numbers on the elevator were a quick indicator of how status worked. From 4 through 64, anyone could travel, but to go below floor 65, there was some sort of keycard identification necessary.
Damien clicked the number 50 and quickly descended through the bunker. The entire frame of the elevator was made from glass, and only after the first 3 floors did Damien realize why.
The darkness that enshrouded him quickly opened up as the scenery was revealed to him. It was quite a marvelous sight, reminding Damien of a movie he'd watched once.
The bunker was similar to a colosseum in that the central area was hollow and the floors were rings around it. When Damien tried to look to the bottom of the hollow area, all he saw was an abyss. Even if the entire middle section of the floors were cut, each floor wasn't small in the slightest.
Damien could see the countless different people working within the floors, with plenty of them even resembling normal office workers.
'Not everyone in Niflheim is a villain, some of them just needed a way to make a living.'
Being someone who'd gone through many years holding a similar mindset, Damien understood them entirely. He didn't blame these people for their decisions, nor did he have a desire to make them collateral damage. But if things escalated to that point…
'People live and people die. Whether I sympathize or not doesn't change the fact that they work for a so-called villain organization. They must have been prepared to face the consequences.'
At least, this was how Damien tried to convince himself. He was simply trying to justify the actions he might take. He tended to be an overthinker, planning for situations that might never happen in the future. But knowing that didn't stop him from thinking about it.
Damien soon reached the 50th floor. The reason he didn't descend directly to the floors in the 60s was not only to avoid suspicion but also to get a feel for the atmosphere in the bunker. As the elevator doors opened, Damien stepped out into the bustling space.
"Code 15 at Booth A!"
"Code 27 at Booth G!"
Damien was immediately greeted with code words and phrases being thrown about. This floor was for both support and monitoring of outside activity.
While villains tended to do what they want, there were plenty that used other methods to gain money, status, or even power. Trading was one of these ways and contribution points were another.
It was a system set up within Niflheim that most villains followed, and although there were plenty of material rewards to be gained through this system, there was one in particular that most people aimed for.
Mutation Center
The words were written on a holographic screen followed by various numbers for the different options one could choose from. The most expensive of these were full-body mutations, but there were less costly options to mutate only a single limb or even just the head.
'They must not have the capital to wantonly mutate everyone who wants it, so they set up this system to funnel out the useless ones.'
It was honestly a good system, and one that was used by plenty of people regardless of the worlds they came from. Damien watched on as the queue for this particular station continued to move.
 He was curious about how the mutation center worked, since the 'victims' of such mutation never seemed in pain nor were they unhappy, but he didn't have time to do so immediately.
First, Damien focused on his objective. After wandering aimlessly for a while with the same pompous attitude, Damien entered the bathroom on the floor and cast his light refraction.
He had already tested whether his spatial abilities would work when he was wandering the floor, so he knew light refraction would be easy. Damien had also taken the time to check the security set up on the floor.
There were indeed cameras set up in various places to monitor whether any mishaps were occurring, and Damien knew where they were. Their positioning didn't leave many blind spots, so the rest of Damien's plan would require a good amount of patience.
He couldn't even open the bathroom door on his own to exit, as it would be weird to see the door randomly opening and closing on its own. He had to wait for someone else to open it before he slipped through the cracks.
Since light refraction was anchored to his body rather than being a field-type power, he didn't need to worry about alerting people by accident.
And Damien's opportunity came easily. Once he left the bathroom, he repeated the same process to enter the elevator and once again played the waiting game. This time, it was much harder for him to achieve anything.
At first, he had thought of using the Mutation Center as his method to descend, but since it was an unknown, he chose the longer yet safer method. He waited in the elevator until someone with a keycard entered as well.
This wait took a few hours, and Damien had stopped consistently using his own mana to conceal himself.
Since his physical presence was hidden by his earring artifact and he could hide his aura through his years of practice in the dungeon, all he needed to do was actually hide his body.
And Zara was a perfect help for this. For the first time since they'd met, Damien got to feel what it was like to join Zara in the shadows. She melded him into the long shadows in the elevator and the two of them simply sat together and waited.
Hours went by, but their patience was rewarded. A woman with a badge entered the elevator. Except, instead of going to the 65th floor, she went directly down to floor 90. Considering the fact that there were only 100 floors the elevator could access, she must've been someone with high status.
'I don't know whether it's a good thing or a bad thing that I'm starting on the 90th floor, so let's just hope for the best.'
***
Meanwhile, Rose and Elena didn't have to play such an absurd waiting game to gain access to the lowest floors.
When they entered the bunker, they did it in a similar way as Damien, giving off unapproachable airs as they entered the elevator. They went directly down to the 64th floor from there, not wanting to delay in the slightest.
Exiting the elevator, the two girls calmly walked up to the security gate blocking entry before a card appeared in Rose's hand. Swiping the card gained her instant access to the floor.
The card was completely made of illusions, yet it seemed to exist on the physical plane. Through the knowledge she gained from the legacy tomb rewards, Rose was able to create solid constructs like this card.
Even though the size was still limited to such a small scale, the insinuations of such an ability preached of limitless potential in the future.
As for the design of the card, Elena had taken care of that. She had used her life magic to lock onto the life aura of a man they had entered the elevator with, manipulating his body into pulling out his own identity card.
They had gotten lucky enough to meet a researcher on entry.
As for how Elena was able to do such a thing with life magic, even Rose was curious, but it wasn't the time to ask. She could seek answers once everything was over.
Rose used the information Elena had pulled to replicate the card, allowing them easy access to the lower floors.
Considering how constantly the two girls fought, it was surprising how well they worked as a team when they got serious.
Passing the bolted doors that had once prohibited their entry, the first thing that greeted the girls was rows of researchers in lab coats.
Each of them was hunched over their own workstations, focusing on nothing but the projects in front of them. Even while glancing at what they were doing, Rose and Elena kept their indifferent facades.
But on the inside, they were genuinely disgusted. After all, it wasn't hard to figure out what the material these researchers were using was.
Even if it was in small amounts, the aura of a human couldn't be mistaken.
Even if it came from deformed lumps or pieces of skin on metal trays.



Chapter 98 Infiltration 3
What were the qualities that described a human?
Some would argue that it was their nature while some would take a biological standpoint. Though there were many different ways people classified humanity and humans, none of them would fit the scenes in front of Rose and Elena.
Yet, it was undeniable that the materials used by the researchers were from humans.
Elena's voice suddenly rang through Rose's head. 'Don't panic, this is a technique I learned using mana. Anyway, whatever those things that are giving off human aura truly are, some of them are giving off even more prevalent life aura.'
Rose's body slightly shook at this revelation. Whether they were human or not became less important with this information. After all, wasn't Elena telling her that some of these things were alive?
Rose wanted to figure out how the lumps of flesh she was seeing could be alive, but it wasn't the right choice. She knew that they would find more answers if they continued traveling.
While they walked through the halls, Rose taught herself to use the same technique Elena just did. It wasn't that hard, since it purely relied on mana. She simply created a thread of mana and shot it into Elena's head, using it to project her thoughts.
She didn't know how this kind of method was undiscovered on Apeiron. Then again, it might be known but she just wasn't taught to use it. In the end, all that mattered was that she had learned it now.
'I think we should descend to the next floor rather than continue on this one. Judging by what's happening over there, that's where the supply of these things comes from.' Rose transmitted as she signaled towards a certain area of the hall.
When Elena looked over, she saw a tube-like object that was constantly producing these balls of flesh. Its source seemed to be further down in the bunker.
Nodding toward Rose to show her affirmation, Elena began walking in the direction of the staircase she saw in the distance. Rose soon followed suit.
The staircase was barely lit, causing the eeriness the two already felt from the previous scenes to multiply. However, it was nothing compared to what they felt when they reached the next floor.
Rather than rows on rows of researchers, what filled this floor were large glass tubes. Rose could only infer their function based on her surroundings, but Elena knew exactly what was going on. The only problem was, she never expected to see such a scene in real life.
Each and every tube out of the hundreds that spanned the hall was filled with clear liquid, and within that liquid were living beings, seemingly in deep slumber.
Not all of these beings were human, but most of them were. Yet, even the humans could barely be considered as such anymore.
The deformities that besieged them ranged from smaller things like extra fingers or strange protrusions that jutted from their bodies to more gruesome things like two conjoined heads or extra arms that seemed to have been transplanted onto them rather than natural.
Only one trait was shared between every being in the tubes. Each and every one of them had thick black lines running through their body like veins. Some of them were more prominent on the outside, resembling tattoos.
It was honestly disgusting. Each of these beings was rigged with countless different wires and machines monitoring their vitals and other biological data, and periodically, small razors emerged within the tubes to slice off parts of their bodies.
No blood was spilled, and the cut parts were regenerated immediately. Not even a spike was seen in the heart rates of these beings as they were mutilated. Either their minds were already lost, or they had become numb to pain due to all the torture.
Neither Rose nor Elena wanted to find out. Even if this was the source of the matter being experimented with on the 65th floor, they didn't care. They wanted to move on. But both of them knew that if they continued, they'd only find more gruesome scenes.
Still, they steeled their hearts and descended to the next floor. But it was just the same as the one before it. Hundreds of beings in glass tubes that stood stationary as they were mutilated and rebuilt.
The girls ignored these scenes and continued down until they reached the 75th floor. And indeed, what they found was much worse than the previous floors.
Rather than the finished products of the experiments, they found researchers in the process of creating them.
"Subject 1258 is primed for dosage," one of the researchers said.
"Affirmative. Rolling video log to monitor changes."
Unlike the ones on the 65th floor, the researchers here were decked in full hazmat suits. Currently, the girls were only focusing on a single group, but there were countless others like them within the floor.
This group surrounded a man who was naked and strapped to a metal table. His mouth was covered, but the terror in his eyes was clear as day.
Rose and Elena watched as the leader of this particular group took syringes full of murky black liquid and injected them into the subject's body.
As the liquid entered his body, the man froze up. His eyes rolled back until only the whites were visible as his whole body jerked in place.
And then, it was mayhem.
The man suddenly began thrashing around violently, ignoring the chains that strapped him down. The mechanisms that secured his head and blocked his mouth were destroyed, and the man's screams resounded through the area.
"AHHHHHHH"
Black veins began forming on the man's chest before spreading through the rest of his body. When they reached his throat, even the man's voice was destroyed. The veins pulsated as they grew in number, soon covering his entire body. And then, an even more horrifying scene played out.
A giant hole appeared in the man's thigh as blood sprayed out like a fountain, showering the researchers in crimson. However, the blood rain didn't last long.
Like thousands of worms crawling in his body, the man's skin wriggled around and began extending. Following this was the formation of new muscles and bones.
It wasn't just his thighs. Where the man's heart should have been, another massive hole opened. One could even see the cold metal of the table from underneath this hole. An arm began forming, turning into two before the hole completely closed.
The man's eyes had already lost the light of sanity, and it was clear he couldn't think. Like a crazed beast, he ground his teeth and growled at anything that got near him. The black veins on his body became more pronounced, carving themselves into the very being of his existence.
At that point, the lead researcher hit a button. A formless gas flooded the area, slowly putting the man into a forced coma.
"Another failure. Put him with the rest to be studied by the ones above."
One of the researchers nodded and followed these instructions. The man was put into a similar glass tube to the ones the girls had witnessed previously and handed off to another member. It was clear where he was headed.
The girls could only look at each other with shock evident in their eyes.
'What did we just witness?'
Elena was more shaken of the two. While Rose had seen the graphic depictions in the temple walls that showed the maniacal behavior of people and had also witnessed torture herself, Elena hadn't been exposed to this kind of thing in the slightest.
 Actually, it might be one of the first murders she'd witnessed. She didn't count beasts, as she always saw them as a tool to gain experience, but it was different when it was humans. After all, this was her own species. She couldn't overcome the trauma so easily.
Still, Elena tried her best to ignore the disgust and fear she was feeling. This wouldn't be the last time she saw harrowing scenes, and she knew she'd have to kill humans at some point. On top of all this, it would jeopardize their current mission if she freaked out.
Elena could only promise herself that she'd destroy the organization conducting such terrible experiments with her own hands. It was the only method she had to quell her fear.
'I'm getting a bad feeling about this,' transmitted Rose. 'That black substance…the way it moves is eerily similar to the Nox being me and Damien met previously.'
She couldn't shake the feeling that there was some sort of massive plot behind these actions. Especially seeing how Niflheim was mutating villains and how the Nox mutated their followers from other races.
Rose shook her head. 'For now, we just observe. We can think of a way to deal with this and also figure out more about what's happening when we meet up with Damien.'
While the girls were recovering from the brutal scene they'd just witnessed, Damien was feeling something entirely different.
Even with the trepidation that he felt from the very core of his being, Damien couldn't help but feel it.
Awe.
He could only describe the massive structure in front of him as awe-inspiring.



Chapter 99 Core 1
When the elevator stopped on the 90th floor, Zara seamlessly attached her shadow to the researchers so they could enter the facility uninhibited.
Zara's shadow worked similarly to a subspace in that it could both hold living beings and was concealed from most people's perception. This subspace used shadows as a base and like such could latch to shadows and be carried by them.
In such a dimly lit area like the underground bunker, Zara's ability was extremely useful.
And so, Damien and Zara were carried by the researcher as she walked through the facility. Similar to the 60th floor, there were hundreds of different researchers at their workstations handling separate matters. The difference was the subject of experimentation.
The 90th floor was much more technologically advanced, with holographic screens prevalent throughout its area that showcased many large numbers that Damien couldn't even hope to understand. Besides these, there were many machines he had never seen before, most likely not originating from earth.
Damien was surprised by the sheer number of people that were working in this area and assuming that there were similar numbers on the 25 floors above it, it was truly obscene. But at the same time, not all these people had to be from earth.
And even if they were all from earth, a population of several billion still had the capability to support such a large group.
Shaking off any useless thoughts, Damien continued to watch the proceedings around him as the researcher he was following met up with a few others.
"Lynn, how is the progress on the extraction mission?" One of them asked the woman.
"It's proceeding as expected, however, we are still unable to find the source of the recently established connection. Its nature is too ethereal for us to study using the equipment provided for this lower world. Not to mention, the core itself rejects our presence."
"It's been long theorized that the core of a world has the capability to gain sentience and form a will, but there's been no proof. Even if we fail our original goal, if we can prove the existence of a world's sentience, it would be a common-sense shattering discovery."
"Indeed, it's already proven that plant life forms can gain sentience with prolonged absorption of mana. The carnivorous ones can even utilize the Records to level up. There have been a few cases on our own world where plant life-forms gained humanoid form after gaining enough power."
The researchers began discussing in a fervor. Whether it was their original task or not, they didn't care. They moved in the pursuit of science and truth, and any discovery that correlated with this would earn their blind devotion until they had solved its mysteries.
But it didn't take long for them to be forced back to reality. Lynn, the researcher who Damien had been following, spoke up.
"Silence. Regardless of what we want to study, it isn't our choice this time. If we don't complete the mission that the higher-ups have given us, you know the consequences. Don't get too comfortable with the atmosphere here. Niflheim is not a forgiving world, and even your families will suffer if you make a mistake."
At the mention of family, a gloomy atmosphere descended on the researchers. It was true that none of them wanted to do what they were being tasked to. None of them were inhumane to the point where the loss of billions of lives wouldn't weigh on their shoulders.
Still, for the sake of their love of science, well-being, and most importantly the well-being of those they cared for, they forged on.
 The group of scientists moved together as they passed the less important researchers that surrounded them and entered a structure that constituted the center of the floor. Unlike the abyss of the normal floors, there was no hole in the center of this one.
Instead, it was another facility that was even more heavily guarded than the ones on the 65th floor. Damien watched from the shadows as the scientists went through 5 different bolted doors of varying density and performed tests to prove their identity.
At the most basic layer, there was a retina scan and fingerprint scan, but as they progressed, things got more complicated. Aside from a separate keycard needed for entry, they also went through an area that tested their mana signature, blood, and many more facets that made up one's identity.
It was truly rigorous, and there was even a test to see if any foreign mana lingered on the scientists' bodies.
Damien was slightly stressed during this one, as Zara's shadow was qualified as foreign mana, but they passed without a problem. It seemed the equipment here was meant to deal with a lower world, so none of it exceeded S rank in quality. Zara's concealment wouldn't be ousted by a mere S rank artifact.
Once they entered the facility, Damien was greeted by pristine white walls and tens of researchers in hazmat suits. Compared to the outside, the amount in here was minuscule.
Each of them was in front of a holographic screen as they tested numerous equations, trying to find the correct path to complete their tasks.
Lynn ignored all of this and went to the center of the room, where a large circular platform was located. Stepping on this platform with her colleagues, she was promptly teleported to the very bottom of the bunker.
Here, there were no signs of civilization nor were there other researchers. The only ones allowed access to this area were the big bosses of the organization and this group of 5 researchers.
It was a massive cavern filled with gnawing darkness. Not even a single lamp or even torch was used to light up the area. Still, the scientists paid this no mind and continued walking in a straight line.
As they walked, Damien began to see a blueish glow emerge from the distance. At first, it was simply enough to illuminate the shadows within the cavern, but as they drew closer, the light became blinding.
The scientists were already prepared for this and had the appropriate equipment to circumvent the problem, but Damien wasn't. The blinding light corroded any shadow present in the vicinity, forcing him and Zara out of their concealment.
Luckily, the scientists were occupied and the two made no noise. Damien was able to cast light refraction before any changes were noticed. And due to his earring artifact, no trace of his presence was left in the area.
Still, something reacted to him. The source of the blinding light slightly thumped as if acknowledging his presence, but it was so slight that it went unnoticed by everyone in the area.
The scientists continued to walk towards the bright light, and the entire cavern was filled with a wondrous blue color. When Damien followed them, he felt a sensation like none other. It was mystical and enchanting, yet grounded in reality.
A sudden memory flashed into his head. A river filled with starlight of a similar color. Even if its properties were entirely different, the image of the river wouldn't leave his head.
Damien was forced to crouch down due to pain and clutch his head. Something within him was forcing that memory to allay dormant, trying to force him into forgetting it.
When the memory resurged, whatever that thing was caused immense waves of pain to crash through his head until he stopped attempting to recall it.
Damien truly wanted to know what it was that he saw and why it was so dangerous to remember it, but now wasn't the time.
He caught back up to the scientists, who had reached the source of the glow. It was a massive empty space that looked similar to a quarry, but there was nothing inside.
Well, almost nothing.
In the middle of the empty space, floating with no support, was a huge ball of blue light. The ball was at least the size of the moon as a whole, maybe even larger. Especially with its expansive diameter, it genuinely looked like a celestial body.
Damien stared at this massive ball of light. He felt like if he really tried, he could reach out and touch it, but another part of him felt that he'd be immediately incinerated if he did so.
The strangest part was that the huge object didn't give off any aura or waves of power, even though the entire area around it was filled with that same mystical sensation Damien felt earlier. He was enthralled by the sight.
"The core of this small world called earth. It's a marvelous scene no matter how many times I see it."
"It's confusing how a world recently introduced to mana could have such a magnificent core."
"Indeed, the universe is filled with countless wonders. It's a shame that we are forced to rob one of them of its majesty."
"Still, it must be done."
"Commence trial 127 for project title: Core Extraction."



Chapter 100 Core 2
Rose and Elena finally made it past the experiment areas onto the 80th floor. The things they saw on the past 5 floors were so harrowing that the two were forced to take a break and collect themselves.
Regardless of any torture Rose had witnessed or any brutality either of the girls had committed, the happenings in those experiments were truly enough to induce their gag reflex. The struggle to fight the urge to vomit was intense.
Concealed by illusions, the two sat in an inconspicuous corner of the staircase to the 80th floor and rested. Currently, they were conversing via mental transmission.
'So, how are you doing? Are you sure you can continue?' Rose asked worriedly. Any teasing or mischievous attitude she held previously was entirely gone.
'I-I'll be fine.' Elena responded, though her voice was weak and shaking. Her entire body was shivering occasionally as she recalled what she had witnessed.
'What kind of terrible people do you have to be to do such a thing? And why would they even do it in the first place? I just don't understand…'
Rose sighed. Although she had an inkling of what the injections they saw were, it didn't make anything better. 'This is a scheme we won't be able to see through yet. Think about it, earth is such a small world. There's no way that this is the only planet where they're doing such inhumane things.'
Elena shivered even more. She was imagining how throughout the expansive universe countless beings were going through that excruciating pain with none being the wiser. Just the thought made her entire being deflate.
Elena, at the end of the day, was someone who wielded both the life and light elements. Her affinity was holy and pure, striving toward peace. Even if she was a frontliner, these characteristics still reflected on her.
It wasn't an odd thing in the slightest for one to be influenced by the affinities they were born with. They were intrinsically linked to the very core of one's being, so it was normal for them to influence one's character.
As proof of this, Damien was always acting mysteriously, seeking to explore the vastness of the universe. He wanted everything to be within the palm of his hand.
Not because he had some sort of ambition to rule, but rather it was simply a desire he had for no purpose. At most, it could be said to be a product of his overthinking and his wanting there to be no situation he couldn't react to.
Zara was cute and innocent personality-wise, but she always remained with Damien. Her main goal in life was to be his shadow and to travel with him as one. Maybe it was because of the dependence she developed for him, but it was still partly influenced by her element.
Not to mention her behavior towards outsiders. If anyone she didn't allow attempted to touch her, they'd most likely lose an arm. She was cold as ice to those she didn't trust.
And finally, there was Rose. Rose had grown up in an imperial household and always had the desire to be free. This stemmed from her life spent without leaving the castle, and it was empowered by her wind affinity.
Not to mention, she was extremely mischievous. The way she liked to tease Elena simply because she saw her as a love rival, it was clear where the influence came from.
Most of the time, the inherent parts of their personalities were amplified by their affinities, and sometimes there were only subtle clues to indicate them. Elena was always the caring type, it was just that this side of her was always reserved for Damien.
Just like how she had spent high school trying to brighten his days because she couldn't help with his bullying, and just like how she consistently took care of his mother after he fell, even if almost every part of her called herself crazy for clinging to hope.
Even if Damien had truly died, Elena would have stayed taking care of his mother as long as she could, and she'd have held onto her hope that he would return as long as she possibly could.
She was truly kind-hearted at the end of the day, and even if she could ignore how ruthless Damien got because of his circumstances, she couldn't ignore the suffering of innocents. It made her sick to her stomach and it made her question what she was even fighting for.
'This is why we need strength.' Rose's voice sounded in her head. 'With absolute strength, nobody would dare slight you. With absolute strength, your will can be enforced by the many, and with absolute strength, nothing will stand in your way.'
Elena looked up into Rose's goldish ruby eyes.
'So continue to get stronger. Until nobody can act in a way you see as wrong again. Get strong to the point where you can enact your justice as you please.'
Elena's eyes began to tear up. It was unexpected that this advice would come from Rose, but it was exactly what she needed to hear. Embracing Rose tightly, Elena silently cried until she couldn't cry anymore.
And when she had successfully vented her emotions and steeled her will to move forward, the duo entered the 80th floor.
***
"Commence trial 131 for project title: Core Extraction."
Many different machines had descended into the spacious cavern as the scientists continued their trials. At this point, it had already been close to a day since they started.
Damien watched from the shadows as giant drills attempted to pierce earth's core as he gritted his teeth. To him, this issue became much more serious over the past day.
As the scientists became more brutal and forceful in their experiments, Damien began to feel something through the ethereal connection he had to earth.
In the first place, this connection had always been more powerful than the rest. And the fact that he was directly next to the core only made it stronger.
Within Damien's head, he could swear he heard screaming. It was a cry of pain from a child-like voice. And because their connection was intimate, he could tell that the voice was earth's.
He had heard when the scientists talked about the theory of worlds gaining sentience, but he hadn't paid much attention to it. He had thought of it as the crazed ramblings of mad scientists. But now, he was having a hard time disregarding it.
Even if the voice he could hear was mostly incoherent, even if it couldn't form a single true thought, its pain was still transmitted to him. Something was reaching out to him from the other side of his connection.
When Damien allowed this attempt through, he immediately felt pain wracking his entire body. The location of the pain was eerily similar to the positioning of the drills attempting to pierce the core. It was impossible to deny it anymore, the earth itself was asking for his help.
Damien bit his tongue until he drew blood. He had to wait patiently or he would lose any opportunity he would possibly have to stop things.
He honestly didn't have a single idea of how to even begin. How was he supposed to stop such a massive operation without revealing himself, and even if he did reveal himself, what would he do afterward?
There were still at least 3 3rd class beings within this bunker, and he felt it was imperative to not alert them to his presence.
As Damien pondered, another signal was sent from the other side of his connection. Rather than something like sharing pain, this time he felt that it was a message. Allowing the request to proceed, Damien's mind was flooded by thoughts.
None of them were coherent, but the sheer power of the jumbled mess of thoughts was enough to almost cause his brain to cease functioning. Damien was forced to cut the connection to save himself.
'As expected of the planet itself. Even if it doesn't have any viable means to use its power, the sheer scale of the power it holds is immense.'
Even if it couldn't consciously mobilize mana, it still had enough mana to supply its entire body, which was earth itself. The consciousness of this being was vast even if it had only recently gained sentience.
He wondered if planets could even gain strength, or if they could become humanoid, but that didn't matter.
Once he was able to think properly, he was able to figure out the earth's intentions. 'It wants me to…bind it?'
Damien understood the concept, as he had seen it happen in many pieces of fictional literature, but he didn't expect it to happen in real life.
'It wants me to become a star master? Or…no, perhaps this is what it means to be a celestial.'
The title of celestial was overbearing, even if it only connected him to the stars. Until this point, Damien never found a way to truly advance his understanding of this class.
That is, until today.
 The only method Damien knew was the contract he had used with Zara, but that wouldn't work on a being without blood like the earth. 
'Or perhaps?'
Damien poured every bit of mana he had stored within his body into his connection with earth, feeding it to the core. And in response, the core did the same.
When the two different types of magic power connected…
Swoosh!



Chapter 101 Core 3
Any thoughts Damien had were blown away and his mind became clear. The clarity he felt was exhilaratingly pleasurable.
He watched as the two unique types of magic power fused into one before infusing into the link that connected them. As more and more mana entered the link, it slowly solidified.
Although the connection was still ethereal in its nature, Damien had the feeling that no matter where he went in the universe, no matter how far he went from earth, he'd always be able to feel this connection.
It wasn't just a link anymore, it was more apt to call it a bond.
Damien was so caught up in the sensation that he didn't even notice that his concealment had been blown away. He was standing in plain view of the scientists, who panicked about his presence.
"Who is he and how did he get here?!"
"Someone call backup!"
Meanwhile Lynn looked at Damien with interest. 'They might have missed it, but I saw that burst of magic power. He must be the source of the connection.'
Lynn thought for a minute about what to do, before a sly smile crept onto her face.
"Everyone! Run away! He's trying to destroy the bunker!"
After her words registered in everyone's heads, the scientists immediately bolted for the exit. They no longer cared about the experiment nor did they care to alert anyone. They just wanted to preserve their lives.
Looking back at Damien one last time, a strange glint appeared in Lynn's eyes. And then, without another word, she left as well.
At this time, Damien was still basking in the sensation of this new connection. He felt he could exert his will on this planet with ease and things would get accomplished. The scale was unknown, but he felt that he could even create natural disasters if he so felt like it.
Congratulations. You have become a Star Master. You have taken the first step towards truly becoming a Celestial.
A Celestial cannot be titled as such if they simply gained a connection to celestial bodies. They receive this title due to their ability to bind and become the master of these celestial bodies. Each and every Celestial walks a path towards domination. Your legends have been enhanced.
Damien read through the system window with wide eyes. He knew that it would be important when he bound the earth, but he didn't think it'd be anything this major. From the simple act of binding the world, he felt that his mana capacity had drastically increased.
He wasn't aware of what other benefits he received, but that was something he'd need to find out in the future. He was just a fledgling Celestial and the earth was just a fledgling world.
In the first place, the reason the earth's will requested to be bound was out of sheer instinct. As a world's will, the most important thing to it was survival. And something attracted it to Damien, telling it that he was the key.
Damien also knew that he wouldn't get answers from the world's will, so he figured he needed to try something else.
'Would Apeiron's will accept this? And is it old enough to have proper sentience?'
Even if it wasn't, Damien wouldn't fret. There were countless worlds in the universe waiting for him to conquer them.
'I don't even want to be an emperor though. That's way too much responsibility. But since I have to conquer worlds anyway, can't I just leave all the political stuff to the people in those worlds who already know the political stuff?'
He liked that idea. What was the point in replacing the emperors that already ruled those worlds? Damien had no interest in upsetting the power balance due to his pursuit of power.
Damien tried to summon his magic power, only to realize that he had used it all to bind the earth. However, this wasn't a problem. Now that he had become the star master of earth, he felt there were certain perks he could use.
Raising hit hand, Damien made a cutting motion through the air. And following that motion, the atmospheric mana became a massive blade and destroyed the equipment that was drilling into the earths core.
He didn't even need his own mana reserves while he was on earth.
'Is this what it feels like to have infinite mana?'
But he quickly shook off this thought. His mana was nowhere near infinite, nor was it immeasurably vast. The privileges he had on earth would stay on earth, so he couldn't get too conceited. Not to mention, the earth still needed to grow.
 He couldn't go wantonly using its mana as if it would immediately regenerate it. A world's mana capacity might be leagues higher than any other existence, but since earth was still in its early stages of development, he needed to be more careful.
Especially because those old fogeys from the Cloud Plane were going to be stealing some of the atmospheric mana.
At this time, another change began to occur. Within Damien's body, his mana heart began to thump wildly.
Ba-dum! Ba-dum!
Damien clutched his chest. Every last bit of the mana surrounding him was absorbed into his body as if by a starving beast. And this mana was directly from the world core, containing the mystical properties Damien had sensed previously.
He had a gut feeling that this mana wasn't supposed to be used by humans, lest they kill themselves.
But his body wouldn't listen to him. The mana kept rushing towards him as if it had been waiting for this moment. The usually formless energy took shape and drilled into his mana circuits, injecting itself into his bloodstream.
"AGH!"
Damien let out a strange grunt as he tried to hold himself back from screaming. The mana raged through his body like a wild beast, attempting to destroy him, but also rebuild him.
And then, something that hadn't happened in ages happened once more. Damien's void physique acted, sucking in every last bit of the mana within Damien's body.
Damien heard an audible crunching sound from within his body that continued for a minute before the mana re-emerged. Rather than the gaseous energy or the solidified pieces the mana became earlier, it was now a stream of liquid.
This liquid poured into Damien's mana heart before revolving through the circuits he had created. It was almost like he gained a second type of amethyst colored blood.
Damien didn't know exactly what this meant, but when he summoned his raw magic power, it felt denser and heavier. He felt that the destruction he could cause with a simple mana infused punch was much greater than what it was before.
Your Mana Circuits have evolved.
A single line of text appeared in his line of sight. It was then that Damien finally remembered his specific goal when creating his mana circuits.
'They evolve when I evolve. It's a system I'll never need to replace.'
The evolving mana circuits he'd created had even become a trait acknowledged by the system. It was just that since it didn't have any active uses, he had nearly forgotten about it. If he took this into consideration, it made sense for something like this to happen.
The evolution of his mana circuits did indeed increase his power. It wasn't a boost, but more of a fundamental change. The density and purity of mana running through one's body had a direct correlation to the damage output one could produce.
Shaking off his thoughts, Damien used his power as a star master to locate Rose and Elena. They were currently on the 90th floor, pretty close to reaching him.
'I don't know if the commotion I caused has alerted those 3rd classes yet. I guess I should summon those old men so we can properly destroy this place.'
Damien directly teleported outside of the Niflheim headquarters and summoned Rose and Elena before also summoning the old men from the Cloud Plane.
This kind of teleportation wasn't too taxing for the world core, and Damien could even use his own magic power to perform it. He simply used the world core as a medium to expand his range to cover the area he needed.
All 5 of those who were summoned wore confused expressions on their faces, but Damien didn't give them time to think.
Even though the immediate threat to the world core had been removed, the entire thing wouldn't end until Niflheim was destroyed.
Xiao Zhen was currently in an extremely wary state. He felt the spatial fluctuations surround him, but he was unable to resist them. He didn't know how it was possible, but he didn't like what it insinuated.
The other two old men were the same. It was only when Damien's voice rung out that they were snapped back to reality.
"Alright, since everyone's here, let's talk about Niflheim. First, we'll discuss what we found inside, and then we can start the important part of the plan. It's time to destroy this annoying pest of an organization."



Chapter 102 Destruction 1
It didn't take long for the others to get swept up in Damien's momentum. His current attitude combined with the mysterious ability he had used to gather them was enough to lead the flow of conversation.
Damien started first, describing the scenes of the 90th floor as well as the topics he heard the researchers discussing. He also mentioned their plans for the world core but left out information on its location and his newfound bond to it.
Even if he had established that the old men from the Cloud Plane were allies, it didn't mean he'd place his full trust in them. He'd wait until later to explain these things to his companions.
But the lack of crucial information didn't make his discoveries any less shocking. To the girls, it was the sheer scale of the plan and the madness of it all, but to the old men, it was something more.
These were the enemies they were facing on their own planet as well, and seeing the depths of their schemes left a sense of foreboding within them.
After Damien, the girls also shared their findings. Even though they had stayed within the bunker for the same amount of time, they had seen much more. It couldn't be helped since they descended almost 30 floors while Damien went directly to floor 90.
They spoke about the lumps of flesh they saw being researched, the tubes filled with deformed beings, and the experiments that turned these beings into abominations.
After that, they spoke about the 80th floor down to the 90th, which functioned as a prison area for those who would eventually become test subjects.
Damien could sense how uncomfortable the girls were with what they witnessed, so he moved to cut them off, but he also noticed Rose hesitating as if she wanted to add something. He lightly grabbed her hand, hoping to give her some small form of assurance.
Rose looked at him gratefully before opening her mouth to speak. "Those syringes filled with that mysterious substance…it looked awfully similar to the body of the Nox."
A solemn atmosphere descended. Not only was Damien serious, but also the old men. The Nox was a common enemy that all of them had, they very well may be the common enemy of many worlds.
Damien already had an inkling that the Nox would be involved, but even this slight confirmation was still incredibly serious.
"Looks like we need to move as soon as possible."
He looked at the 3 old men before continuing. "I hope you three can help us fight against the three from Niflheim."
Xiao Zhen nodded, and with his approval, the other two didn't disagree.
"Alright, we don't need to destroy every single one of those villains in there, since that'd be overkill. As long as we kill the 3rd classes, the rest is light work. After their deaths, I'll destroy the facility."
Everyone nodded once more. To be honest, this was enough planning. The fight may have been delayed a bit, but it was their inevitable victory.
Without another word, all 7 of them, including Zara, released their full auras.
Within the 3rd floor of the Niflheim bunker, Haldir and the other two were alerted by the sudden influx of aura from the peripherals of their base. Gathering, the three looked at each other solemnly.
"Let's go. The three of them don't have a chance against us anyway, and nothing can be allowed to stand in the way of our plans. Let's eradicate them before we finish this world."
The other two nodded before they all left the base, arriving before Damien's group.
Looking at the new players arriving, Damien's first feeling was disgust. Rather than the manly forms they showed outwardly, Damien was seeing their true bodies.
They were grotesque black goblin-like creatures with bat-like wings. Their pointy noses and beady eyes filled with greedy resolve served to send a chill down the back of anyone they made contact with. These were the dark imp race of Niflheim.
Without any words, Damien drew his sword and charged.
'Void Sword Art First Step: Bladeless'
The air was cut in two as a massive crack formed in earth's atmosphere, gushing with the deathly aura of the void.
The three dark imps were forced to dodge hurriedly to avoid being cut. Damien charged directly for the one on the right, who went by the name of Isaiah.
While the two began their battle, similar scenes took place in the different areas of the large marshy land.
Elena and Rose charged together towards the other weaker one named Weiss while the three old men from the Cloud Plane ganged up on the leader.
There was a reason for this. Although they weren't aware of it before, they were now. This man named Haldir was at the peak of 3rd class. Even if they were powerful, none of them could take him individually.
The three old men directly surrounded the dark imp and decided to hold nothing back. They had no desire to lose their lives in this battle.
"Sacred Eye Formation!"
Lines of mana erupted and connected the three old men, forming a closed triangle around Haldir. However, the dark imp simply watched everything with a calm gaze. From within the triangular formation, tens of attacks were launched. Wind from two sides, and flames from the other. The elements combined into a massive fire tornado that threatened to swallow Haldir whole. Yet, he didn't move. Opening his mouth, he let out a guttural screech like a beast.
"KREEE!"
The wind was blasted apart and the flame tornado was put in a disordered state. Haldir's fingers elongated into claws as he began his assault on his opponents.
The other two battles were much more favorable to Damien's side. He and Zara worked together to easily overpower Isaiah, while Rose and Elena somehow had great teamwork that did the same with Weiss.
The two dark imps were already on their final leg. From across the battlefield, the two locked eyes. It was clear that they had the same thoughts.
'We can't let anything get in the way of our mission!'
Simultaneously, the imps distanced themselves from their enemies. Before either team could catch up, they put their sharp claws up to their chests and ripped massive gashes in their skin.
"I offer my body as sacrifice to the Venerable One!"
"I offer my body as sacrifice to the Venerable One!"
They said one after another. Immediately, black beams of light left their bodies, encasing them in massive cocoons.
*Crack!*
 It didn't take long for them to emerge. However, they were no longer the same as the ones who entered. Their previously 1-meter tall bodies had doubled in size and their eyes were hollow. If before they still attempted to maintain their human appearance, that was no longer the case.
Their grotesque forms were plain to see, but they had become much worse. The inky traits of the Nox were prevalent in their bodies now, and it didn't seem like they possessed conscious thought.
Damien charged once more, hoping it was just a physical change, but how could that be the case. As he relentlessly slashed and stabbed at the new Isaiah, he found that his body was eerily similar to the Nox they had met before. No matter how much he cut, the injuries would become ink and reattach to his body.
But Damien wasn't the same as he was in the temple, and he also had the empowerment of the earth. Raising his arm, he spoke a single word.
"Incinerate."
A beam of light fell from the sky like a shooting star and pierced Isaiah's body. The dark imp roared with pride as if something like this couldn't hurt it, but that was just hubris. The second the beam made contact, the imp's entire body was turned to ash.
Glancing at the aftermath for a second, Damien turned to watch Elena and Rose's battle as well.
The girls were doing great, and Elena's first combat against a Nox seemed to be even better than his. Her light element was specialized in purification and speed, directly countering the Nox elements of Weiss' transformation.
The light burned its body, similar to the beam Damien used, and slowly chipped away at its health. Meanwhile, Rose stayed at range, using her wind and illusions to keep it occupied.
She hasn't used her Illusory Throne yet, but Damien didn't think much about it. Perhaps she was just training for situations where it was unavailable.
The main problem was the three old men from the Cloud Plane. Even with their combined might, they were barely able to push Haldir back. The final dark imp was leagues stronger than the other two.
He shot dark projectiles that corroded the old men's flesh and tissue while using his terrifying claws to aggravate the wounds. There seemed to be some sort of poison at work too.
Yet, the old men still had the numbers advantage. Over the course of the past half hour, they had managed to corner the dark imp.
Haldir was fed up. Gritting his teeth, he made the same move as his underlings.
"I offer my body as sacrifice to the Venerable One."



Chapter 103 Destruction 2
Immediately, Haldir's body began its transformation. The dark imp shed his disguise and revealed the abomination he truly was, uncaring about the consequences.
Even when the cocoon broke and revealed his figure, Haldir didn't move. Unlike the other two, it was clear that he retained his sense of self after gaining the unnatural power boost.
Coldly glaring at the three old men around him, Haldir raised his hand. A stream of black energy coalesced and shot out like a beam. Yin Jian's face paled as he narrowly dodged. If he had gotten hit by that attack, he definitely would have been severely injured.
Haldir's aura continued to rise. Even though it was clear his level was still at the peak of 3rd class, his aura was far above that. It might have been comparable to some entry-level 4th class beings.
Damien's face turned solemn. The strength boost Haldir received was much more than that of the other two. Not to mention, Haldir seemed like he could perfectly adapt to his newfound power.
Before his eyes, Haldir began to dominate the three old men from the Cloud Plane. Just like they had done to him before, he backed them into a corner with them barely able to put up a defense.
His claws were faster than their eyes could follow, black beams of energy charged toward them with the goal of obliterating their existence, and even Haldir's bat-like wings seemed to have razor sharp edges that attempted to raze them.
As Damien watched, Rose and Elena arrived at his side. They were stained with pitch-black blood, but their enemy was nowhere in sight. Damien raised his eyebrow as if asking what happened, but he didn't get any proper response. The two only smiled at him before watching the ongoing battle.
"Heaven-Collapsing Strike!"
"Wind Sunders the Sky!"
"Flame Emperor's dominion!"
The three old men let out a barrage of attacks, not wanting to fall behind their enemy. Yet, they weren't able to do significant damage to the opponent whose body now contained properties of Nox.
"Should we help them?" Elena asked with a worried look on her face. She had already been told their identities as otherworld invaders, but she still didn't wish to see them die. At the end of the day, they still helped protect the human race through Asgard.
Rose also looked at Damien. She had figured out by now that Damien had made some sort of deal with them, possibly involving him going to their world, but hadn't said anything about it. She didn't know why he did so, but she didn't question it. There would be time for that later.
Watching the battle, Damien slowly nodded his head. "Alright, I just wanted to make sure that monster's strength wasn't too great for us. Let's go help out."
The first to charge was Elena, followed by Rose and Damien. They entered a small formation around the dark imp, not giving him a path for escape.
Zara had concealed herself within the shadows. She was waiting for the perfect opportunity to freeze him to death.
'Girls, it's probably the wrong time to say this, but this guy will be great to give us battle experience. Let's not go all out for a while.'
A transmission entered their heads, causing the girls to smile. Even against an opponent that seemed disproportionately stronger than them, Damien still considered it as a training opportunity.
Rose drew her scythe while Elena did the same with her sword. The girls then began attacking the dark imp relentlessly. From the front, Elena let out constant slashes imbued with the purifying properties of light element, burning the dark imp's skin. She also used her superior speed to dodge the oncoming attacks.
However, the dark imp was also extremely fast. Elena was barraged with razor-sharp claws at every turn, being forced to parry continuously. Yet, her light element was still able to seep into the dark imp's body.
From range, Rose swung her scythe in a beautiful yet deadly dance. The winds around her kicked into the air before smashing into the dark imp's body. This attack was a new one she'd created, but its main goal wasn't to damage.
The wind moved rapidly and created a vortex of crushing pressure that crashed down onto the dark imp's body. He tried his best to subvert it, but his movements were slowed all the same. No matter which direction he moved, Rose would always accumulate and release her attacks to increase the pressure he was feeling.
Within this pressure, Rose would occasionally send sharp blades of wind, chopping off small pieces of the imp's skin. Each time any slight damage was done, Zara would freeze that fallen area to inhibit the imp's regeneration.
Damien watched this scene with pride. He didn't know how they had grown to work so well as a team, but he didn't care about that. He was just glad that their teamwork was enough to fight on generally equal grounds with such a powerful existence.
Still, they weren't able to make any serious wounds. Damien flicked his finger, causing a small burst of flames to gather at its tip. Then, he pulled his arm back as if aiming a bow.
Lightning coalesced in the space between his arms, superheating and forming a line of plasma that functioned as an arrow with that small flame as the tip.
Damien focused on the vectors that made up this arrow's composition. Its speed, velocity, acceleration, direction, and even the force it would create on impact.
Damien altered it all. Since he had first become a vector controller, this was probably the most effort he had put into controlling multiple factors at once.
Once the arrow had been given the specs he wanted, Damien released it. Without needing to be told, the girls dodged out of the way and the arrow struck true in the dark imp's chest.
If it was a human in his place, they would have immediately combusted, and if they didn't they would die from their heart being pierced, but these didn't apply to Haldir. His body structure was completely different.
Still, the arrow had its intended effect. Haldir was about to resume his attack when his internal body began to heat up. Scanning himself, he found a small almost imperceptible flame within his chest, growing bigger with every second.
His face turned serious. He tried to put the flame out, but he didn't have the ability to do so. Perhaps if his elemental affinities were a better counter, he'd be fine. But this wasn't the case.
Haldir was well aware of what this meant. If he wasn't able to kill them before this flame expanded, he'd die a meaningless death.
There was a famous saying that a cornered animal was the most dangerous, and Haldir proved it true.
He disregarded everything else as he aimed solely to kill. His body was torn to shreds since he didn't care to block, but he kept going.
His first target was the three old men from the Cloud Plane. They were in the distance recuperating their mana and injuries, but they were suddenly barraged with tens of black lasers.
One of them drilled directly through Qin Huo's shoulder, with him being unable to evade it in time.
"AGH!"
He let out a grunt of pain as he tried to revolve his mana and close the wound, but to his horror, he was unable to. The wound was charred black as if he had been burnt, but it didn't have the same properties as a burn wound.
 Instead, it corroded his skin like darkness. The wound was steady in its proliferation, not leaving him the ability to deal with it. In the end, he chose to ignore it and continue fighting. 
With the 3 from the Cloud Plane and the 4 on Damien's side working together, they were able to quickly deal with Haldir. Especially since he was already being burnt from the inside, the task wasn't difficult.
But it didn't come without a cost. Almost everyone was covered in bruises and bleeding profusely. Gashes covered their skin, ruining their powerful images.
Damien was able to quickly heal through his regeneration, while Elena healed herself and the other two girls through life magic.
As for the old men from the Cloud Plane, they took out small round objects that looked similar to balls of bubble gum and swallowed them. Their wounds began healing directly after this.
The only problem was Qin Huo. No matter what he did, he was unable to stop the spread of that vicious corrosion that started from his shoulder. At this point, his entire arm had already become withered and black, no different from a corpse.
Qin Huo had been inspecting his internal body this entire time. In reality, it wasn't just his arm that had been corroded. His organs were already starting to wither, and he felt the corrosion encroaching on his heart.
Suddenly, a foreign mana shot from the black mass of energy that was corroding him and entered his brain. Qin Huo's eyes widened, but he was unable to even scream in pain.
His eyes glossed over, becoming entirely black in color, with no pupils or irises to be seen. He began to let out bestial growls as he ravenously eyed the rest of the people around him.
And then, he fell to the ground, dead.
Behind him, Damien stood with his arm outstretched, covered in Qin Huo's blood.



Chapter 104 Emotions 1
Damien's abrupt action shocked every single person there.
"What do you think you're doing?!" Shouted Yin Jian. He and Qin Huo had a relationship akin to brothers, and seeing him die without suspense like this threw his logical thinking out the window.
"A foreign mana invaded his mind. He was already gone before I killed him," Damien replied indifferently.
Just before Yin Jian could charge at Damien, Xiao Zhen stepped in. "Stop. I would have made the same call."
"But…!"
"Don't say anything and think clearly. You saw his eyes and you heard the guttural sounds that came out of his mouth. It's clear that Qin Huo wasn't himself anymore."
"But we could have saved him!"
"No. You are aware of the kind of enemy we are facing. And this isn't the first time this has happened. Recall the last time someone insisted on saving the person instead of killing them and then try to convince me."
Yin Jian was immediately silenced. He knew exactly what Xiao Zhen was referring to. In truth, this kind of incident had happened more than once in the past, but it was always dealt with before any substantial damage could occur.
Besides a single instance. An instance where a benevolent person insisted on saving the person who had been infected by the Nox
And the result? A massacre that still sends shivers down the spines of those who heard of it; even hundreds of years after it happened.
Yin Jian couldn't find the words to rebuke Damien's decision. He knew that it was correct, but that didn't change the fact that he had just lost a brother. Without another word, he flew away from the area.
Xiao Zhen watched him leave with a complicated look in his eyes before he sighed. "I will be going after him. Let us meet again in a few days time to discuss things further."
Cupping his fist towards Damien in a show of respect, Xiao Zhen left as well. Now, all that was left in the area was Damien's group.
Even the people within the Niflheim headquarters had fled in every direction. This had happened near the beginning of the fight.
Even if they didn't cause much large-scale damage since most of the fight took place in the air, the shockwaves from their clash alone could wipe out those weaker beings.
Looking at the empty nearly empty headquarters in front of him, Damien made a decision. Those who stayed did so because they wanted to fight. Anyone innocent was already gone.
Utilizing his new bond with the earth, Damien took drastic action. He sent his awareness deep into the ground and first raised the earth to fill any passage leading to the world's core. The most essential thing he could do was to make sure nobody could reach it.
 After finishing, Damien decided to raze the Niflheim bunker. At this thought, the ground began to rumble. Damien took to the sky and even the girls were forced to follow after him. There was no stability in the tens of kilometers surrounding them.
The earthquake intensified, and Damien directly targeted the support beams holding the bunker in one piece. With them gone, it was simple to destroy things. The bunker collapsed in on itself as the earth swallowed it back into itself.
The dome-like structure above the ground cracked and shattered, while the floors of the bunker fell into each other. The abyss in the middle of the area was slowly filled with debris. Even the locked research areas were destroyed completely.
Damien made sure to be extra thorough with these, granting death to the ones who were unjustly kept alive and tortured in Niflheim's experiments.
As for those who stayed to fight, they had either been crushed by the fallen pieces of the bunker or the earthquake that had just passed.
The marshy land slowly regained its peace.
"So, what now?" Rose questioned. There wasn't anything left to do on earth now that Niflheim was no longer a threat.
"Hmm, how about we head back to Apeiron for a bit? I want to migrate my mother there and we can also get Elena a better weapon while we're at it"
Elena's ears perked up at the mention. She had long noticed the disparity between the artifacts Damien and Rose used compared to her own. Even in the battle they had just fought, her sword had cracked slightly and its edge had dulled.
"I don't know if your mother will be okay with moving, though." Elena suddenly said.
Damien's brows furrowed slightly. It was true that the task of convincing his mother would be immense. She was basically still a normal human, not to mention that she actually cared about earth.
Damien could speculate that it had something to do with his father, but that was as far as he could get. No matter how he tried, there was no way for him to understand her thoughts on the matter.
He could only shake his head and rid himself of those thoughts. It's not like his mother would ever tell him honestly. Ever since he was a child, she'd avoided the topic of his father. Even after the woke up from her coma she was the same.
'How does she remain loyal to someone who disappeared on her and left her alone as a single mother?'
He truly couldn't understand. Is that how love worked? It was scary to think about.
While on the topic of love, Damien couldn't help but glance at Rose. He was still hesitant about their relationship even if they had already confirmed it.
Well, he wasn't hesitant about having a relationship with Rose, rather he was hesitant about having such a bond with someone else. He didn't understand the concept of love and seeing the way his mother was, he didn't want to.
He felt that love could truly blind someone. It could turn people into different beings entirely. He didn't want to become like this, but he didn't want to end his relationship with Rose.
The problem was with him entirely. They hadn't advanced past those small kisses they had shared, but just the slightest shows of intimacy when she cuddled into his chest or held his hand gave him endless satisfaction.
And this was his problem. He felt like he could drown in that feeling. He felt that he could submerge himself into it and never leave. And he didn't like that one bit.
He felt confused about his inner thoughts. After all, who would dislike the fact that they were happy? Even he found it absurd, but it wasn't something he could change.
As they flew back to Damien's house, he stayed within his thoughts. He realized that it was worse than he originally expected. It only took some slight introspection to reach this conclusion.
The thing that worried him was simple. It wasn't the old men rejecting him bringing companions that made him want to go to the Cloud Plane alone, it was himself. Maybe it was a defense mechanism, but he felt rejection towards this.
He felt that if he stayed with Rose during every moment and every adventure, he'd lose his capability to function without her by his side.
He had to admit it. He was scared.
He was someone who would show no fear even in the face of the strongest adversaries, but he was afraid of emotional intimacy.
'What a joke. I was entertaining thoughts of a harem but I'm too scared to be intimate with the single girl I already care about.'
Maybe it was his inner weeb that drove his thoughts in the direction of a harem, or maybe it was his inherent desire for freedom. He didn't know.
There was only one thing he was sure of. Whether it was a harem or only Rose, the key thing he needed to focus on was communication.
He decided that he'd sit down with Rose and have a proper talk about everything he was feeling right now.
Watching Damien, Rose felt a rush of complicated emotions. After spending years together as the best of friends and as the one he'd crossed that boundary with, she was the one who could understand his emotional state the best.
His hesitation in their relationship was clear to her. He hadn't even tried to lay a hand on her yet. It was a weird feeling for her to be the one prepared to take the next step while her man was lagging behind, but at the same time, it was refreshing.
In the culture she had grown up in, women were always meant to submit to their men. They were supposed to support from behind, while some were just trophies.
She never felt like this with Damien. When they interacted, he's always treated her as an equal, and even if she supported him, she did so by his side while he did the same for her.
She liked this kind of thing better. She wondered if they would stay this way if he ever added more women to their relationship, but she tried her best to suppress that thought.
She had seen both harem life and monogamous life in her travels through Apeiron, and she didn't have a strong opinion towards either. In the first place, she never expected to fall in love before meeting Damien.
The unwittingly looked over at him to find him doing the same towards her. With both of them thinking about their relationship, their gazes ended up melting as they stared into each other's eyes.
Only Elena was left watching from the side, her thoughts known only to her.



Chapter 105 Emotions 2
The group reached Damien's house and separated into their own rooms, with Rose following Damien to his. It wasn't abnormal for this to happen, so nobody questioned it.
Entering the room, Rose went directly to the bed, patting the spot next to her as if asking Damien to sit.
He was a bit flabbergasted by her actions but did as she said anyway. It was strange to him that she would act like this before he even said anything.
"So? It was pretty obvious on the way here, what did you want to talk about?"
Damien's eyes widened. He was sure he had kept his facial expressions as deadpan as possible so as to avoid dropping any hints, but it seemed he didn't do as well as he originally thoughts.
Although he had built up the resolve to communicate with Rose about what he was feeling, it was different when they actually got to the point. Damien was feeling incredibly nervous for no real reason.
Thinking he should communicate and actually bringing himself to do so were two different things entirely. When it came to introspection, he considered himself well versed. He could figure out his problems quickly if he just immersed himself in thought.
But sharing them was something he had never done before. On earth, he hadn't shared with his mother about the bullying he endured at school because he didn't want to burden her. Even when he used to share with Elena, he would only vent and didn't take any of her advice seriously.
He was simply too preoccupied at the time to listen to anyone else, even if it was his best friend. It was incredibly selfish of him, but that didn't change the fact that it was how he acted.
Still, he collected his thoughts and steeled himself, telling Rose about his concerns. About how he felt constricted when he felt intimacy, about his fears when it came to relationships, and everything else.
Throughout the whole ordeal, Rose's face didn't change. She kept watching him with a warm smile as he poured out the complex feelings he had pent up since they had begun their relationship, maybe even before.
When he finally finished talking, an hour had passed and he felt truly relieved. Even if she hadn't said anything to him yet, he felt like just talking to her about it lifted a massive weight off of his shoulders.
'Why was I so scared to do this?'
Looking at Rose whose gaze was gentler than a calming spring, he wondered where his hesitation came from. He didn't know, but he was glad he decided to take a step forward. And Rose didn't wait for him to get anxious for her answer.
"I already knew." Her smile never faded as she answered. "Well, I'm not a psychic who can know everything, but I could clearly see your hesitation a long time ago."
Damien's eyes widened, but Rose didn't allow him to speak. Instead, she grabbed him and gently brought his head to her lap.
Damien was in a slight panic from her earlier words and didn't resist her at all. Before he knew it, he was using her lap as a pillow as she calmly brushed her fingers through his hair. He had already frozen long ago, silently accepting her actions.
"You know, I grew up in a generally awkward family situation. After all, my father has over 100 wives."
"100?!"
Damien's eyes practically bulged at this. He wasn't even able to pay attention to her story anymore because of this ridiculous number.
Rose lightly smacked his head, regaining his attention. "Pay attention, silly. As I was saying, the sheer number of women in my father's harem made life confusing for me.
"As a child, I always wondered if I was truly loved by my parents, or if I should feel disgusted at the thought of 100 women sharing a single man. This thought was only amplified when I learned about the existence of monogamous families.
"At that time, my father was rarely able to spend time with me due to his duties as an emperor and some issues that were taking place within the empire, so my doubts were even more exemplified.
"And so, I started becoming scared. I was scared that one day I'd end up in a situation where I found a husband and he ignored me like I saw my father doing with his wives. I was just like every other little girl, dreaming about a Prince Charming who would swoop me off my feet, but it felt like my dreams were being shattered.
"It got to the point where even when he came to visit me and my mother, I would hide from him, unable to look at his face.
"And then, my childhood was robbed from me. There was a small coup that was planned by some old ministers of the empire and due to their jealousy, some of my father's wives joined their cause.
"My mother was his favorite, his first wife, and one of the few he truly loved. That night, they poisoned her and killed her while she was sleeping."
Reaching this point, Rose's face became pained. Still, she endured her sadness and continued talking.
"After that night, I lost my ability to trust anyone. I secluded myself in my mother's room and cried myself to sleep every night. I would lash out at anyone who tried to get near me and cause trouble wherever I could.
"And you know the part that hurt the most? It was the fact that my mother was still smiling when she died. She smiled as if she knew this would happen, yet didn't move to stop it. And her final words? She told me to never blame my father for what happened. But that didn't stop me. Who else was I supposed to blame?
"I hated her for that for a few years of my life. I was disgusted by the fact that she loved such a man who caused her death. I abhorred the concept of a harem because if my father had stayed loyal to only my mother, she wouldn't have died.
"And the family situation at the time didn't help in the slightest. Even if the coup was stopped, its aftermath still lingered. One of my half-sisters thought that it would be the best time to get rid of me as well.
"Even at a young age, we were still aware of the fight for the throne. One day, this sister I thought was my biggest support pillar took me to a secluded place and attempted to have me killed by a beast. I didn't know at the time, but if not for a shadow guard that my father had assigned to protect me, I wouldn't be standing here today.
"Time passed like this but I never got better. I turned 15, the marriageable age in Apeiron, and countless sons of noble families came to court me. But that's also when I began seeing these threads and colors that connected every single being.
"I was able to clearly see their feelings. The fact that they were either there to increase the standing of their families or out of pure lust, I rarely saw one who truly loved or even liked me.
"And since I had been surrounded by filth, I even pushed away the ones that truly cared. I was never able to get rid of the nagging thought that they would someday betray me as those women did with my father and how my sister did to me.
"I ran away from the castle, wanting to get fresh air and escape my responsibilities, but even that was disallowed. Within a few hours time, my father found me and promptly took me back to the castle. It was that day when he first showed how much he truly cared.
Rose began reminiscing. She remembered her father's words from that night clearly. Instead of taking her back to the castle, he had taken her to the highest peak on Apeiron to watch the stars.
"You know," he said, "Agata always had a knack for predicting the future. It was almost like she was performing divinations."
The emperor stared at the stars, his gaze melancholic and filled with pain. "I felt there was something wrong in the weeks before her death, but regardless of any persuasion, she wouldn't tell me.
 "I found out what was going on too late. She had already reached the point of no return. But she sent me one final mental transmission. Do you want to know what she said?"
James looked at his daughter with a loving gaze, hiding his sadness. "She simply told me to look after you. To make sure that the two of us never drift apart and to make sure we live our lives filled with love. I truly don't understand how such a caring woman ever fell for me."
Rose remembered looking at her father. She could feel his pain in his words, and through her eyes, she could see the endlessly red string that connected him to the ground. Even after her death, Rose's mother still retained her father's deepest affection.
Rose looked at Damien, who was intently listening to her story, with a similar yet entirely different loving gaze.
"We talked for hours after that. About his love story with my mother, her countless quirks, and what made her the powerful woman she used to be. It was that day that I finally began to heal."



Chapter 106 Emotions 3
Damien simply lay in her lap as he listened to her story. It got to the point where he even forgot about his own problems while he immersed himself in hers.
As it turns out, Rose had similar issues as him. The only difference was that she had been on the path to fixing them much longer than he was.
Rose continued telling Damien about her past in the final 6 years before they met each other. It was definitely heartwarming.
After their conversation on the mountain peak, James took his daughter back to the castle. The two of them became much closer after that. Rose wasn't able to immediately set aside her prejudices and doubts, but she was now open to the idea.
Any arrangements for her marriage were canceled, much to the chagrin of those noble families, but James didn't care. He only thought of the well-being of his daughter in this matter.
It was then that his favoritism for Rose started to show. She disdained most of her father's other women, who were simply there due to political marriage, so she started to explore the lands of Apeiron.
And in those explorations, she discovered her love for adventure. Rose began training as much as she could, quickly showing her talent and stunning those in the upper echelon of the empire.
In just 6 years, she had reached 2nd class. She had joined the adventurers guild and taken on quests, evaded many assassination and kidnapping attempts with her own prowess, and made achievements that set her apart from the crowd.
She far surpassed her other siblings, but she held no desire for the throne. This left them to wallow in their jealousy without an outlet to remove it. In consequence, the battle for the throne became fiercer, but Rose didn't care about this.
She ignored everything else and focused on what she wanted to do, only returning to the palace a few times a year to meet with her father. And on her most recent trip back, she met Damien. The rest was history.
It was a true coming-of-age story that made Damien feel like Rose was the protagonist of some anime. She overcame trials both physically and emotionally until she could stand before him as her powerful and unbridled self today.
Frankly, he was amazed. His respect for Rose was already high before this, but it felt like it had peaked after knowing her full story. He felt ashamed to face the same issues with much less strenuous circumstances.
But who could blame him? Even if trauma came into being on a mortal earth without the same strife as it had after mana was introduced, and even if the problems could now be considered mundane, that didn't mean it would suddenly fix everything.
Mana was miraculous in every sense of the word, but it wasn't omnipotent and it wasn't biased. Even with such a drastic lifestyle change, it was impossible to just throw away old trauma.
His father leaving him while he was still a child impacted him heavily even though he was in his twenties now.
Regardless of the circumstances or how much Damien knew it was for his own good, the fact that he didn't feel any familial love from his mother due to her busy schedule also left a deep impact on him.
The bullying he endured at school and the way people would lead him on simply to push him down later left him with trust issues. And these were only further amplified by the fact that he was betrayed and thrown into the dungeon to die.
And those two years he lived as a beast messed with his mental psyche. No matter how fine he may seem at the moment, it was simply because he didn't have an outlet or a situation where he snapped.
The closest thing to this would be when he basically bombed downtown LA because he couldn't hold back his thirst to kill Jin.
Damien and Rose spent the whole night talking. Their intimacy had reached an entirely new level as they threw away their inhibitions and opened up to each other about everything. It was a cathartic feeling for the two of them.
They ended up getting immersed in each other's warmth, sharing some physical intimacy as well before the night ended. And finally, they fell asleep hugging each other close. The wholesomeness of the time they spent let them enter their dreams with happiness and ease.
***
In another part of the house, Claire was sleeping in her bed alone. However, she wasn't able to maintain the same peace as the previous two.
She hadn't told the kids yet because she didn't want to worry them, but every night when she fell asleep, she'd have strange dreams.
These dreams varied from simple life experiences of her own to fantastical scenes she could never even imagine. It took her an entire month to even have an inkling of what was going on.
Tonight, she was having another strange dream. Yet, this one was leagues worse than the rest. She was in a place filled with darkness, the only reason she could see was that she had adapted to this environment.
She walked through a dense forest alone, but she could feel something following her.
She arrived at an abyss and was confronted by a wolf. She tried to run, but it tore into her legs, preventing her movement.
Luckily, this was a dream so she couldn't feel the pain. There was one thing that was clear to her, however, and that was fear.
Pure, unadulterated fear.
She looked down at her body, which was currently that of a boy's, and saw two swords in her hands. when she looked back up, she was already attempting to fight the wolf.
But it was futile. The wolf was simply that much more powerful than her. It tore into her body, leaving her hanging on the precipice between life and death.
And then, she charged once more. But this time it was more crazed, it was the move of an insane person. She watched as the body she occupied tore into the wolf, and she watched as one of its arms was torn off and eaten in front of it.
She watched as it climbed onto the wolf and used its single remaining arm to claw and scrape, and she watched as it tore its jaws into the wolf's flesh.
The battle reached its climax as the human won, but the wolf charged into the abyss and fell, dragging the human along with it.
Within this abyss, Claire saw a small bit of light that reflected off of the short sword still in her hand. It was then that she finally saw the appearance of the body she possessed.
Short midnight black hair caked in mud, a face covered in blood, and a pair of piercing amethyst eyes. She knew who's face this was.
"Damien!"
Claire woke up from her sleep in a panic, her back drenched in a cold sweat. Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably as she realized what she had just witnessed.
"My boy," she sobbed, "just what did you have to go through?"
***
When Damien woke up, he couldn't hide the smile on his face. The soft sunlight that entered his room through his window, the chirping of birds, and the girl sleeping by his side all brought him immense joy.
Seeing how Rose was using his arm as his pillow, Damien decided to stay in bed a bit longer. He simply enjoyed the scenery outside the house as he waited for her to wake up.
He wanted to look at her face a bit more, but he had no idea if he could suppress the urge to kiss her if he did so.
Unbeknownst to him though, she was already up, but thinking that his efforts to play it cool were cute, she pretended to be asleep. Within the hour, Rose finally opened her eyes. She similarly ended up smiling at the tranquil atmosphere that had enveloped them.
 There were a few more days that the two of them could spend calmly before they had to start moving again, so they planned to enjoy it. 
They left their room and headed downstairs to be greeted by Claire Elena and Zara, who had stayed with Elena during the previous night. She knew Damien and Rose were having an important conversation, so she didn't want to bother them.
The group had a cheerful dinner as they talked about mundane things. They turned on the news, only to see stories of Niflheim's destruction, but they paid it no mind.
A week ended up passing idly while the group relaxed. But there was no way to keep this atmosphere forever.
Damien and the girls sat on one side of the couch while Claire sat opposite them. The air around them seemed tense. Not being able to handle the tension, Damien finally spoke.
"Mom, please move to Apeiron."



Chapter 107 Brief Return 1
"Mom, please move to Apeiron."
The words were simple, but Damien still felt nervous saying them. It was an unknown sensation for him, but it was something akin to disobeying your parents as a child.
Claire looked into her son's earnest eyes as she pondered. After a few long minutes, she decided to speak.
"Why do you want me to move?"
If she spoke simply from her emotions, she would have immediately rejected the idea, but things were different now. Thinking back to the dream she saw last night, she couldn't help but see things from a more logical perspective.
The Damien she saw in her dream was still a boy, but the Damien in front of her now was a man. Either this meant that her dream was false or that it took place at the beginning of his journey.
She was more inclined to believe the latter. Especially with her system window saying her affinity was 'dream', she was sure it wasn't an illusion or anything.
'If that was just the beginning, then what did he go through after that?'
The single experience was harrowing to her. Not only was he left within an inch of his life, but he also watched his arm be torn off and eaten in front of him and he was cast into that gnawing abyss by the dying wolf.
She had some mild trauma from the dream, and she hadn't even felt the pain that came with all those injuries. She had, however, felt the emotions.
Fear, unwillingness, anxiety, and near the end, insanity.
She felt it all and questioned how her son was able to sit in front of her with the demeanor of a normal person. She could only commend his efforts, and out of respect for that, listen to his suggestions.
Damien, on the other hand, was mildly shocked that his mother didn't immediately protest. He had originally expected this to be a long conversation filled with begging, but it seemed it would be much easier than that. Relaxing a bit, he answered her question.
"I have a feeling that earth will be subjected to many catastrophes in the future. And if there is any risk of something bad happening, I don't want you to get caught up in it."
Although he knew she would have a hard time understanding, Damien proceeded to tell her about the happenings at Niflheim.
He explained what Rose and Elena found and also what he had found about the world core. He also talked briefly about the battle with the dark imps and their abilities.
While on this subject, he also had to mention the Nox, albeit only slightly, so she could get a better idea of the bigger picture.
And finally, Damien told her about what happened between him and the world core. This was the first time he was telling the girls about it as well, so he gave more details on this particular matter.
"When I first achieved 3rd class and became a Celestial, I received the ability to use starlight as an energy source or an element. An example of this is how I can harness the flames of the sun."
Damien flicked his finger, creating a small wisp of flame. But the power of this tiny flame was immense, letting the group understand his point.
"I thought this was it, with the rest of the class being an extension on my spatial element, increasing the possibilities. But I was wrong.
"When I was there next to the earth's core, I ended up forming a bond with it. Well, I don't know if bond is the right word, but I essentially became the Star Master of earth."
Both Elena and Claire were aware of the term Star Master. Damien was heavily into cultivation novels as a teen, so he had ranted to both of them about various concepts he found interesting.
Rose was confused by the term, being from another world, but it was quickly explained to her by the rest. Since the concept was generally straightforward, she didn't take much time to catch on.
"Son, does that mean you are the master of earth or something?" Claire asked curiously.
But Damien shook his head. "I don't think it's that simple, and I also don't believe that I have the power to claim myself to be the master of an entire world.
"But what I do know is that I have the potential to become one. And not just for earth, but for countless worlds. This is the path that has been laid out for me."
Claire's eyes slightly widened in realization. Only now did she figure out that her son would be leaving on a journey soon.
"And why do you believe Apeiron is better than earth? Didn't they get invaded long before earth did?"
This time, Rose was the one to answer her. "Auntie, Apeiron is a world filled with peace. Even the beasts stay within their territories and don't rampage and slaughter needlessly. My father is the emperor of the largest human empire on the continent, so your safety can be guaranteed.
"Not to mention, it's been 1000 years since the Nox invaded, and they haven't returned even once."
"I have a theory about this." Damien chimed in, "The Nox faced heavy losses on Apeiron during their last invasion attempt, to the point where they were forced to retreat and recuperate for hundreds of years before they could move again.
"If I'm not mistaken, I believe the Nox will not attack Apeiron again until they have completed the conquest of various other worlds. Perhaps it's a safety precaution, or maybe it's just instinct. But at least for now, Apeiron is safe.
"However, earth doesn't share the same security. It's a small and new world that anyone can use for their own machinations. Just like how Niflheim came, others will too.
"And if the force from the Cloud Plane didn't arrive as well, earth would have fallen long ago."
Claire was beginning to understand why Damien wanted her to leave. She was slightly distressed that he would be putting himself in danger again, but she couldn't do anything about that.
She had been back in this changed world for long enough to gain a basic understanding of how things worked. Strength was king within this vast universe, and Damien needed to gain it.
Even if Damien glossed over it, Elena made sure she knew how hard he worked for her sake. She wanted Claire to be proud of her son's achievements. And indeed, she was proud. Yet, she was also aware of how much of a burden she was.
She was saddened by the fact that she would be a burden to him even after she had woken up, but she couldn't do anything about it. She could only suppress her negative feelings and comply.
'What would you do in this situation?'
She thought about the only man she had ever fallen in love with. A man who was as mysterious as the boundless cosmos and had more charisma than anyone else.
"Claire, our son is destined for greatness," he once said to her. "No matter what, we must support him in his journey. We just raise him to be strong enough to fend off anything that could bar his path."
Sighing, Claire slowly nodded her head. "Alright, I'll move to Apeiron. However, you must come visit me once in a while, or I'll find some way to leave and come spank you like I did when I was little!"
 Damien shivered a bit thinking about those childhood days. He knew what his mother was like when she was angry, and he didn't want to see that side of her again.
Damien nodded hurriedly in compliance. Now that he had convinced her, he didn't have any more reservations to move forward on his path.
The group stayed on earth for another day, with Claire lacking her necessities as if she was going on vacation before they gathered in the backyard.
Once again, Damien used the connection he felt with Apeiron to open a portal. The difference was, this time the portal was only big enough for their group to enter together.
'It seems like the portal size depends on us. So Zara's extravagance was the cause last time.'
Damien smiled wryly at this. At least he could be discreet when he used the skill normally. He was a bit flustered last time when they made such a grand entrance.
The group stood in a line, while Zara stayed in Damien's shadow. Although their safety was guaranteed, they still made sure to hold each other so they didn't get separated.
Claire watched the portal in trepidation, but feeling the firm hands of her son and Elena, she steeled herself.
'I can't show them such a weak side, now can I?'
With one final look at the house she had spent so many years of her life in, and with one last reminiscence of the old days, Claire stepped into the portal.



Chapter 108 Brief Return 2
After spending what felt like hours in the void, the group was finally able to exit the portal. Damien's mana capacity wasn't completely dry, but this was only because he already had some connection to Apeiron.
He didn't know when this connection began to strengthen, but it was second only to earth, much stronger than those he had with the random celestial bodies floating through the void.
Claire looked around with awe as she witnessed the sight of a new world. They had teleported directly into Damien's house within Aurora, so she was able to get a clear view of the city and the area beyond it.
The bustling atmosphere that filled the city, and its sheer size were enough to amaze her, yet this was only the tip of the iceberg. When Claire looked around, she was able to see the majestic castle that occupied the center of the city, being larger than some towns on earth.
Her body seemed to rejoice at the mana density of the area, being at least ten times denser than that of earth. And with the enhanced eyesight of someone with her stats, she was able to make out the scenery in the distance past the city.
The titanous mountains that stood tall in the background and the lush green plains helped her realize she was truly in another world.
The entire experience calmed her, as a peaceful atmosphere pervaded the very air she breathed.
"Welcome to Apeiron!" Rose said with a smile on her face.
Claire could only nod her head absentmindedly as she stayed dazed by the sights. It was only around 10 minutes later that she snapped back to reality.
"This place is breathtaking." Claire sighed with praise. She wondered if earth would become like this after a prolonged period of time, but she knew she wouldn't be alive to witness it. After all, that was tens of thousands of years!
"Mom, I'll give you some time to accustom yourself to this house and the surrounding city," Damien said as he pulled out a spatial ring.
"This ring is filled with as much gold and silver as you'll ever need, and this house belongs solely to me. So you can do as you please. Also, this city is one of the safest places you could possibly be, even considering how peaceful this world is.
"I'm going to take Elena somewhere to get a new sword, and after we return, we can go meet Rose's father."
Claire nodded as she looked at the house. It was much bigger than the one she previously lived in, and she couldn't imagine living in it alone. Without another word, she went inside to explore.
As she turned away, her expression hardened. The dreams she had seen even the day before they left earth had gotten much worse than what she saw previously.
She had seen a maniacal scene of seas of blood and endless slaughter.
Walking through the house she would be living in for the foreseeable future, Claire only had a single thought in her head.
'I must adapt to the new world and become strong. As long as I'm strong, I won't be a burden to anyone for even a single second longer.'
She wasn't just thinking about Damien. The figure of a certain man popped into her head as she gazed at the bright blue sky.
Meanwhile, Damien turned to Elena whose excitement had almost reached the point of manifesting physically.
"Why don't we fly there so you can enjoy the sights of this world a bit?" Damien suggested.
He was greeted with a quick refusal before Elena immediately nodded.
"So, which is it? Yes or no?" Damien teased.
"Yes!" Elena responded. She was admittedly filled with too much anticipation to even listen to what he was saying.
Damien wryly shook his head as he called Zara out of his shadow. Then, the three of them mounted her and took off.
'Well, let's go visit an old friend then, shall we?'
It only took an hour for the group to reach Archdale with Zara's improved speed, and Damien looked at the city with a smile.
"It hasn't changed at all since the last time I came here."
It had only been 2 years since he last stepped into the city, so the line was a bit cliche, but he said it anyway. It brought a slight smile to Rose's face so he felt it was worth it.
Zara returned to Damien's shadow, once again adopting her previous behavior now that they were back around crowds, and Damien led the group to a familiar old building that smelled like melting metals.
Without suspense, they entered the shop. Elena's eyes were immediately drawn to the lines of weapons that occupied it.
There was still nobody at the desk, but sounds of metal clanging could be heard from the back room. Damien simply stood as he watched Elena browse the weapons like a child in the toy section.
It was the first time Elena had seen weapons so pristine. Not only their design and sharpness but also the aura they gave off. If she had to compare her old sword, it was like trash in front of a pile of gold.
As she looked through the sword section, Elena was surprised by the many different designs. There were spiral swords, broadswords, and even things that looked oddly similar to katanas.
Some of the swords were shaped in ways she had never seen before, but that made sense since they were no longer on earth.
"Damien, I want this one!" Elena said as she tugged on his sleeve, pointing to a specific katana.
He hadn't seen her drop all pretenses like this in a long time. It seemed her love for swords was on a whole different level.
Looking at the sword she wanted, Damien saw a sleek katana whose blade was almost translucent. But no matter how fragile it looked, its power couldn't be underestimated.
Damien nodded his head, understanding her choice. As someone who specialized in the light element, her greatest strength was her speed. A heavy sword would only be detrimental to her.
"Alright, just give me a second," Damien said as he hopped over the counter. He pushed open the thick metal door to the back room and directly entered.
"Yo, old man! You in here?" Damien's entire manner of speaking seemed to relax to a new level when he entered the backroom.
"Oi, who the hell is comin' in 'ere without knockin'?!" A grumpy voice shouted.
Vormec grabbed his hammer and waddled to the door, wanting to pound the head of the fool who interrupted him. However, when he got there, he saw a familiar yet unfamiliar man.
Although it had only been 2 years since their last meeting, Damien had grown up a lot. The silver streaks in his hair had become more prevalent, his height had grown slightly, and his overall look had become more mature.
Not to mention the expensive clothing he was wearing, a complete turn from the sweatpants and shirt he wore when they first met.
"Eh? What're ya doin' 'ere boy? Don't tell me ya already broke the sword I made ya!" Vormec chastised, yet the smile on his face wasn't hard to spot.
Damien smiled as well, "what, you won't believe me if I said I just missed you?"
Vormec rolled his eyes but got straight to business. "Alright alright, let me get a look at your sword and start fixin' it."
"Nah, I'm actually not here for myself today. I brought a friend whose weapon I want you to craft."
Still, Damien pulled out his sword. "But, you can consider this as your payment. Trust me, you'll be interested in what happened to it."
Vormec raised his brow in clear interest as he grabbed the sword. Just from a glance, it was clear how the sword had changed.
Its blade had elongated to be around 1 meter long, and its edge had considerably sharpened. Its entirely black surface gained a more glossy finish and the purple lines that patterned it was now conjoined with a pristine gold.
"Hm?"
 It was only when he took a deeper look that he realized the significance of these changes.
"Boy, who reforged this sword for ya?" Vormec asked. It was sheer curiosity, not even caring that Damien broke their contract. Whoever reforged the sword was clearly better than him.
"Nobody did, old man. The sword did that to itself."
Damien then proceeded to explain the process where the sword devoured an SSS rank artifact in the legacy tomb and evolved to the same rank.
Vormec's eyes widened, but as he continued inspecting he realized the truth in Damien's words. There were no signs of tampering as if the blade had evolved rather than being reforged.
And as Vormec did before, he saw every change within the blade, using it to improve his own understanding of his profession. He saw the records of the countless battles the blade had gone through, leaving him excited at the prospects.
After around half an hour, Vormec finally spoke. "Alright boy, this was definitely a great payment. Bring ya friend back 'ere so I can get the specs they want."



Chapter 109 Brief Return 3
Damien promptly called Elena, who was still admiring the katanas in the front, and Rose to the back of the shop. When they entered, both of them wore similar expressions to Damien when he entered for the first time.
Their noses scrunched up from the intense smell of smoke and metal, and they felt slightly uncomfortable due to the extreme heat.
It wasn't the heat itself that was uncomfortable, since their bodies were long past being affected by drastic temperature changes, rather it was the atmosphere brought by the heat that irked them.
 Looking at the two girls that entered the shop, Vormec's eyes showed an understanding light. Nudging Damien slightly, he teased, "you've been busy these last few years, haven't ya?"
Inwardly, Vormec was genuinely surprised. The blue-haired beauty was one thing, but the other one had pink hair and ruby eyes, a trait that was possessed by only a single family within the entire human domain.
'Two years ago when we met, the boy was just another traveler in scrappy clothes. How did he end up seducin' a princess in that short time?'
Still, he was a professional so he didn't voice out his thoughts, just subtly teasing Damien about it instead.
Looking at Elena, Vormec then asked the important question. "So? What can I do for ya, young lady?"
Elena's eyes brightened as she nodded. "Yes, sir. I'd like a blade similar to this one, but I want it to be lighter and slightly longer."
She pulled out the sword she took from the front room for Vormec to see. He only took a glance before nodding. "Alright, I can do that for ya, but I'mma need ya to show me somethin' first."
Turning to Damien, he continued. "Boy, you remember what I had ya do last time, no? Take us to that field again."
Damien wryly shook his head at the fact that Vormec was using him as a taxi driver, but still complied. The group was covered by Damien's spatial mana and taken to a familiar grassy plain.
Looking around, Damien was still able to see the scars and destruction he had made in this area when he was first practicing his sword art. Back then, he barely understood bladeless, and his dance of the void was in its rudimentary phases.
He smiled thinking about how far he'd come
"Alright, young lady. Take the sword ya took from the shop and show me some of ya moves."
Elena nodded with complete seriousness. Seeing the weapons in the shop that transcended her understanding had made her view Vormec as some sort of respectable elder. She made sure to be extra polite with him.
And Vormec seemed to enjoy this feeling. Well, until he got a smack to the back of the head.
"Calm down, old man. If you keep that creepy grin on your face, people will think you're a perv."
"Oi, you brat! Who you callin' a perv?! If you want a taste of my fists, I'll give it to ya!"
"Oh? And how are you planning to do that? Can you even reach my face if you get on your tiptoes?"
"Brat! Don't go too far!" Vormec was at best half of Damien's height, as it seemed he possessed some dwarves bloodline, and his height had always been a sore spot for him.
Seeing the two argue as if they were quarreling siblings, Rose ended up having a good laugh, before Elena cut them off.
"Ehem!" She let out a clearly fake cough. Damien and Vormec quieted down shortly after as they watched her prepare. Not wanting to disappoint or underwhelm, Elena let out her strongest move.
Judgement
Judgment was a more versatile skill than Elena had previously shown. A blinding yellow light covered her sword blade, letting off a suffocating pressure before Elena swung it with her full power.
Swoosh! Bang!
The light covering the sword became a massive beam that subsequently split into five parts that zoomed through the air. Even the wind was cut by their blinding speed.
And then, each of the five impacted a separate area of the massive plains, creating a large explosion of dazzling light.
A dust cloud was kicked up by the force of the explosions, and small craters were formed in the ground. Elena was only a 2nd class, but the full power of her skill would be enough to contend against many early and mid-stage 3rd class beings.
Vormec approvingly nodded his head as he watched on. 'None of the people next to this kid will ever be normal.'
"Alright," he said, "let me get a look at that sword."
Elena promptly handed it over and Vormec inspected it in full. Every once in a while he would not his head or mutter some sort of blacksmith jargon that Damien couldn't understand.
"Good, I can do this for ya, but it'll take more time than the other sword. The materials I'mma need for this will take a bit of work to get."
"Don't worry about that, old man. I didn't tell you this yet, but I'm pretty rich now."
"Yeah yeah, I don't think you could court a princess of the biggest empire in the human domain if you were still the bum you were when we first met."
This time, Damien was the one who received the critical hit. The two resumed their earlier squabble as Damien teleported the group back to the workshop.
After a few hours, the trio left Vormec to his work. The new sword cost Damien a few white gold coins, especially considering that its rank would be higher and the materials were rare, but Damien still got the feeling that Vormec had cheated him.
But he just shrugged it off. It wasn't like he needed the money on Apeiron. If he ever ran out, he'd just take a few SS rank quests to make some more.
Since it would take around a month for the sword to be complete, Damien and Rose took Elena on a small tour of the Adelaire empire. Since Claire was safe within Aurora, they spent 2 weeks flying around and looking at the various sceneries of the empire.
From its expansive mountain ranges to the beautiful forests it contained, they saw it all. They also took a brief trip to the academy and spoke with Malcolm for a bit before visiting the seas.
Overall, they had a nice relaxing vacation before heading back to Aurora to meet with Claire.
Claire had been living a comfortable life for the past 2 weeks, and she had been fitting in quite well among the denizens of the city.
Claire had always been a very sociable person, and most of the jobs she worked dealt with customer service. Even when she was working corporate jobs, she always handled interpersonal relations.
She would take weekly trips down to the shopping district and interacted with the locals, forming some connections and making friends.
Even some of the nobles on the hill had come to greet her after seeing that she was living in the house belonging to Damien, who was widely known as the winner of the previous Nexus Event.
There were originally some hiccups due to her lack of strength, but once it was learned that she was Damien's mother, she didn't encounter many problems. Some even decided to curry favor with her.
Though she didn't care much for their attempts, she was glad to learn more about Damien's feats within this world. She was told dazzling stories about his domineering performance and how he had won a legendary medicine called Elixir.
It was then that she finally understood the amount of effort he had put into healing her. She almost teared up on the spot but made sure to hold herself back. With the way everyone adored her son, she couldn't show her weakness. The only thing she showed was the pure unadulterated pride that she felt.
And so, Claire had been living nicely for two weeks before she heard a sudden knock on her door. Opening it, she was greeted by a man in full plated armor with a stern expression on his face.
"Miss, you have been invited to the palace as a guest. Please follow me."
Claire was frozen in place for a bit, processing the man's words, but when they clicked, her surprise ended up vanishing entirely.
'That's right! Little Rose is a princess in this world.'
With the emperor being her future in-law, Claire felt it was her obligation to meet him. It wouldn't be a talk between an emperor and his subject, but rather one between fellow parents.
Claire went back into the house and got dressed for the occasion, wearing a beautiful black dress that exuded formality, but not to the point that it was rigid. She then followed the guard to the palace.
Entering the massive entrance hall, Claire couldn't help but be fascinated. Even the castles on earth held no comparison to this one. It was another dimension.
As she marveled at the sight, she followed the guard to the massive set of double doors that stood at the end of the hall.
'I wonder what kind of demeanor a real-life emperor would have?'



Chapter 110 Brief Return 4
When Claire entered the throne room, she was further introduced to the extravagance of a true ruler of men. From the ornate decorations to the glimmering thrones, all of it seemed like something fantastical.
Truthfully, Claire had been slightly infected by Damien's interests when he was growing up, so she knew a thing or two about those novels and animes, but seeing it in person was very different than it's animated counterparts.
'I wonder how he felt when he first came here.' She smiled at the thought.
Walking through the hall, her gaze landed on the large pink haired man on the throne. Although his eyes were serious, they contained a hint of strangeness she couldn't quite pinpoint.
James had been able to sense her as she entered the castle, so he knew her measly strength. He had made sure to conceal his entire aura so as to not create any problems.
"Nice to meet you. My name is James Adelaire, Rose's father." His introduction was unbefitting of an emperor, but he still went forward with it without qualms.
He was approaching Claire as an equal, since in a sense of the word, they were. And Claire responded in kind. She felt slightly suffocated by his presence, even if he wasn't exuding aura, but she powered through.
"Yes, I've heard so much about you. My name is Claire Watson. I'm sorry if my son has caused you any trouble."
"None at all," James smiled as he said, "in fact, the boy has brought my daughter a joy she has been missing since her mothers passing. I can only say that you fostered a great child."
Claire smiled at the compliment, but felt a little conflicted. After all, had she even done anything to raise him? Damien wasn't the only one who felt regretful about the way their family was in the past.
James stood up from his throne and invited Claire into a separate dining hall where they both took their seats. Since the formalities were already out of the way, they went straight to conversation.
Being parents must bring some sort of change to peoples mentalities, since these two spent the majority of their time solely talking about their kids. Claire also spoke about earth a bit while James introduced her to more of Apreiron.
Only half an hour had passed before Damien's group arrived at the castle. They were a bit confused when they were led by the servants to the dining hall, only to see a puzzling sight.
James was roaring with laughter while Claire was doing her best to stop her giggles, albeit unsuccessfully.
"That's right, he would always go into our yard and start yelling these crazy phrases even before we had mana on earth. You wouldn't believe the kinds of things the neighbors were saying!"
"Hahaha, this doesn't compare at all to Rose, though. The way she used to run around the palace and cause mischief would always bring me loads of complaints!"
Damien and Rose could only stand their with their jaws agape while Elena tried her best to not laugh audibly.
The scene of the emperor laughing so happily was a surprise in itself, but when the two realized the topic of conversation, they immediately rushed into the room.
"Mom!"
"Dad!"
They yelled in union, causing the two to look over.
"Oh Damien, you've arrived? We were just talking about the past a bit."
"The past, my ass! Did you have to go revealing my black history to others?!"
On the other side, Rose was having a similar conversation with her father. Yet, both parents simply smiled at their children's antics.
It took many minutes for the scene to become less chaotic before Damien's group also sat around the table.
Food was quickly brought in and everyone ate and laughed happily. Even Elena, who wasn't a part of the family, was included wholeheartedly.
The group enjoyed their time like this until night fell and everyone retired to their respective rooms. Since they would be leaving soon, they opted to stay within the castle instead of returning to Damien's, or rather Claire's, house.
Within their room, Damien and Rose laid in bed peacefully. Neither of them said a word, but it was clear that they were both awake.
"I've haven't seen my dad laugh so happily in a long time." Rose said, breaking the silence.
"Mhm, it's the same with my mom. It seemed like a large weight had been lifted from her shoulders."
"It was a good idea to bring auntie here. I feel like our parents will be much happier in each other's company."
Rose had another thought when she said this, but she didn't voice it. Truthfully, her father had never been the same with his harem ever since his mothers death. There were only a few left that he loved sincerely, but even they were pushed away.
Now, she didn't expect her dad and Damien's mother to get together, or for Damien's mother to fill the void in her fathers heart, but she figured that a good friendship would help him regain his smile like what she saw today.
Damien and Rose spoke for a bit more before they headed to sleep. It became something of a routine to get proper rest every night even if they didn't need it, since they had been living a mundane life for the past few months.
And their mundane life continued for another week before it was time to leave Apeiron. Damien was happy to live peacefully for a bit, but his entire being craved excitement. He couldn't withhold that urge for much longer.
And so, the second he received word that Vormec had finished Elena's blade, he got prepared to leave.
"Boy, here's the sword for ya lady friend. Make sure she doesn't scratch it up too much, since I doubt it'll work out the same as the one I gave ya."
He was naturally referring to the evolving feature of Damien's sword. As it turns out, Vormec wasn't the one who added that feature, so he had no confidence in creating another blade that could replicate Damien's.
But, Elena was extremely satisfied with the sword she received. Similar to the one she picked from the front of the shop, the blade was almost translucent, looking like it was made from glass.
It's length was just short of a meter, and it was single edged like a katana. It's hilt was an intricately designed material that looked like wood, but had hardness far surpassing it. And it's guard was patterned like a flowing river.
The sword weighed next to nothing, which Vormec explained was a quality of the material. It was a perfect supplement for Elena's speed based fighting style.
And after that was finished, it was finally time to leave. Their first destination would be a brief return to earth, and then they would follow the old men to the Cloud Plane.
As for that matter, it had been mostly settled after Damien's talk with Rose on that fateful day after Niflheim's destruction. She knew his worries, but didn't want to separate for him, so she came up with a solution.
They would all go to the Cloud Plane together, but they'd have their own separate adventures. Rose would take Elena while Damien and Zara would go together.
As for Elena's part, it was her own decision to follow them. Just like Rose, she had also guessed that Damien would be leaving soon. Even Claire had been able to reach this conclusion with her limited knowledge.
And so, in the two weeks the group had been traveling Apeiron, Elena made it her personal goal to convince the two to allow her to accompany them.
It almost took the whole two weeks to do so. Unlike Damien and Rose, Elena didn't have experience living in a place where powerful beings were prevalent. She was essentially a frog at the bottom of the well.
The only way she would be allowed to accompany them is if either Damien or Rose was by her side at all times. And for this situation, it would be Rose.
Currently, Damien and the rest stood in front of Claire, who could barely withhold the tears in her eyes.
"Damien, I know I don't have any right to say this since I left you alone for so long, but please be careful out there."
Damien smiled. "Of course, mom. Do you think I have the nerve to die? If I don't come back, wouldn't you drag my soul from the afterlife just to beat me up?"
Claire chuckled a little at his words. "Yes, that's exactly right. And I'll make sure to become strong while you're gone, so it'll be the fiercest beating you ever received."
There was a certain glint in her eyes as she spoke that almost made Damien shudder in fear. Still, her intent was well received.
 Damien strongly hugged his mother, inwardly grateful that he could be berated by her in such a manner, before opening a portal back to earth.
It was finally time for his adventure to continue.



Chapter 111 Cloud Plane 1
When they arrived back on earth, Damien wasted no time. Their group immediately headed for the Asgard headquarters that stood tall in the middle of Los Angeles.
"The mana density of the atmosphere has dropped intensively," Rose commented as they were on their way.
Damien couldn't really feel the difference since the planet itself provided him mana as long as he was present on its surface, but when he actively attempted to tell the difference, he noticed that around 50% of the ambient mana in the world was gone.
'This must be the work of those old men, so they should be ready to leave.'
While communicating with the world core, he was able to tell that it didn't really mind the drain of mana that occurred. It could simply produce mana to make up for the difference, even if it took many years to do so.
It was a planet, after all. Time that counted as lifetimes were humans could barely even be regarded as milliseconds to it. Not to mention that the world core had only recently gained sentience.
It had no attachments to the beings who lived on its surface besides Damien. It only thought about its own survival and progression.
Thinking about the world core, Damien remembered something important. 'Ah! In my rush to feel some more action, I forgot to check if I could bind Apeiron as well!'
He already confirmed that he had a stronger connection to the world than any other planet besides earth, so he wanted to try his hand at gaining power through it.
He even had plenty of free time in the month he spent on the planet. His thoughts were so preoccupied with the future that he'd overlooked such an important task.
'Well, I haven't even explored the full benefits of binding earth, so I guess it's fine. Plus, I can just go back to Apeiron at some point and see what I can do.'
Damien snapped out of his thoughts as the group arrived on the balcony of the Asgard skyscraper. They were greeted by the two old men that still remained.
"Come in," Xiao Zhen said with a smile. "Let me introduce you to our Cloud Plane before we leave."
Yin Jian still looked like he held a slight grudge, but it wasn't anything major. He was aware of the necessity of Damien's actions, he just didn't agree with the speed at which he took them. There weren't any signs of hesitation in his eyes.
But, their plan had already been set in stone long ago. There was no need for any extra talking or negotiation.
When everyone had taken their seats within the meeting room Damien had seen on his first visit, Xiao Zhen began his speech.
"Compared to what I've seen on this planet, our Cloud Plane is far more advanced and even our method of cultivation vastly differs.
"For starters, what you call 'classes' have different names in our world. 1st class is called the Foundation Establishment realm, where one begins their journey to strength. 2nd class is called the Elemental Comprehension realm, where one feels their uniqueness and decided on the direction of their future path.
"From here, it gets a bit more technical. The realm you call 3rd class is actually two separate realms for us. There are the Core Formation and Core Expansion realms.
"To explain this step, I must explain a few other facets of our world. Our denizens are born with pathways within our bodies called meridian pathways, and we practice cultivation manuals that show us how to circulate mana throughout our bodies.
"The meridians act as gates for mana and aid in the efficiency and potency of our mana output, and the cultivation manuals have varying efficiency as well.
"The lowest grade is Common grade, these are the ones possessed by the common populace who never end up reaching last the Foundation Establishment Realm.
"Next comes Black Grade, then Earth and Sky grade, and finally, Heaven and Divine grade. Each has increasing rarity, with Divine grade meridians signaling heaven-defying geniuses and Divine grade cultivation techniques able to turn someone with common talent into a relatively powerful genius.
"The reason I mention this is because these are important for speaking about the Core Formation and Expansion realms. Although the meridians have the purpose of regulating the flow of mana, they aren't always enough for the higher levels of power, especially if one doesn't have a higher grade set of meridians.
"And so, we form cores. The placement depends on the cultivator, but their core is essentially the center of their entire pathway. It helps with regulation, efficiency, potency, and even increases mana capacity.
"During the first 50 levels of what you call 3rd class, we form and develop our cores to fit with the already existing system we have in place, and during the latter half, as the name implies, we expand them.
 "And finally, what you call 4th class. This class is split into two realms as well, but they are much more complicated. They are the Law Connection and Law Sea realms. As for the processes of these realms, they don't need to be described as they are far away from any of us at the moment. 
The more Damien listened, the more he realized that the Cloud Plane was a true cultivation world. From meridians to sects to the heavens, all of them were prevalent there. It was as if the concept came from a novel, or maybe the novels were inspired by places like the Cloud Plane.
After talking some more about the realms, Xiao Zhen spoke about the power structure of the world. There were 5 continents, 4 in each cardinal direction, and one in the center.
The strongest power of them all was the Jade Heavenly Palace; which ruled the central continent and even had some say in the other 4 continents, which had their own rulers.
The Jade Heavenly Palace had tens of 4th class beings in the Law Connection realm, and even a few who entered the Law Sea realm. Meanwhile, powers like the Burning Sun Sect that the old men originated from, which could be considered mid-sized powers, had only a single or a few Law Connection realm experts at best.
3rd classes, on the other hand, were spread far and wide without rarity. The world was objectively tens of times stronger than Apeiron.
There were also various major clans and organizations, and too many sects to name, so Damien cut Xiao Zhen off. After all, learning new things as they came was part of the excitement. He just needed a general overview so he wouldn't stick out like a sore thumb.
"To be honest, our Burning Sun Sect isn't suitable for any of you. You'd already be considered at the level of an elder if you joined us. In my opinion, you should join a power in the Central Continent."
Damien picked up a detail from the tone of his voice. Unlike before, when Xiao Zhen had said only he could join them in the Cloud Plane, he now included the girls as well. It seemed the power he displayed during their last meeting had changed his mind.
"Alright, there's no need for more talking then. We already know the powers on the Central Continent, so we can choose which one to join when the time comes. For now, let's go to the world." Damien said.
And Xiao Zhen agreed. They had already completed their mission on earth, so there was no reason to stay. They only waited an extra few weeks for Damien.
But Damien suddenly thought of something crucial. "How did you guys even get here in the first place?"
He could move through space easily without any help, but that was only because he received Celestial as his 3rd class. It wasn't extremely common for people to have this ability, or it'd be impossible for earth to have remained secluded for so many years without outside forces invading.
Xiao Zhen smiled slightly before walking toward the balcony. "Come, let's go somewhere secluded first."
The group flew to an empty plain well outside of the city before Xiao Zhen made a motion to take something from his spatial ring.
Flash!
In front of their eyes stood a large vehicle that was shaped like a mountainous sword. "This is our flying treasure. The larger ones aren't very common, but they've been handed out by the Jade Heavenly palace to those of us who receive these kinds of missions.
"Although this treasure is only at the Sky grade, it can still take us to our world in the span of a few months."
"Only sky grade?" Damien asked in confusion. Wasn't Sky grade the 3rd highest in their entire system?
"Yes, when it comes to flying treasures that can traverse the boundless space, Sky grade is the minimum. Those Heaven grade and the few Divine grade ones in existence are much faster, have more defenses, and can even kill cultivators and the beasts that reside in the darkness with their specialized artillery."
Damien raised his brow but didn't comment. He knew nothing so it wasn't his place.
Instead, he directly stepped into the massive sword treasure in front of him. It was time to see a new world.



Chapter 112 Cloud Plane 2
Endless.
The sea of darkness filled with shining stars that surrounded them was truly endless. It was like looking into a boundless abyss that could swallow everything, yet it was filled with life.
It had been a month since Damien's group had left earth en route to the Cloud Plane, and they were finally able to see how different the observable universe was from the previous notions on earth.
The Milky Way Galaxy itself was no more. Instead, it had merged with the surrounding areas and created a massive starfield. Most of the gas planets that inhabited the galaxy were nowhere to be seen, and even mars had all but disappeared into the void.
When Xiao Zhen was asked about this phenomenon, his reply was simple.
"Not every planet has the ability to adapt to mana."
Those planets that didn't have as much corporeal mass or the ones that couldn't birth intelligent life weren't suitable for a universe introduced to mana.
The world cores of these planets weren't able to grow and facilitate this new energy, which led them to be either banished somewhere else within the infinite void or destroyed without a sound.
Just thinking about these massive celestial bodies disappearing without a trace sent shivers down the spines of everyone present, but they quickly shook it off. They didn't have the power nor the ability to comprehend such large-scale destruction.
Instead, they focused on the new worlds that inhabited the space around earth. As it turns out, many discovered exoplanets were still remaining in the area but hadn't developed as earth had.
There were also countless new worlds radiating life. In the short month that they had been traveling, they had already come across 3 other worlds that were either beginner worlds like earth or middle worlds like the Cloud Plane.
These classifications were also provided by Xiao Zhen. Apparently, they relied on both the mana density and purity and the strength and number of the beings residing in the world.
Higher worlds, which none of them had ever seen, were said to contain tens of demigods and had ambient mana that would feel heavenly to people like them. But Damien didn't necessarily believe this.
The mana purity aside, the fact that there were worlds with such large numbers of unascended demigods didn't sit right with him. Didn't they want to pursue more power? What would drive them to give up that path to stay within their worlds?
Still, he tried his best to take his mind off the hypotheticals.
The flying treasure itself was another marvel for Damien's group. It was similar to a luxury cruise ship, with many built-in facilities. There were halls filled with bedrooms that could contain a few hundred people if they shared 4 to a room, and training and dining halls as well.
There was also a sort of recreational center meant for killing boredom. Although Damien didn't visit it yet, he was slightly curious about what it held. Recreational culture would also differ between worlds.
However, there was one thing he was most excited about. The ship had its own gravitational field, allowing the people on board to use the balconies attached to their rooms and feel as if they were truly standing alone in the vast space.
Why was Damien excited about this? Well, it wasn't simply to sightsee. Rather, it was for training. Damien has known for a while that he could traverse space with his bare body already, and he had been dying to try it.
The only problem now was that the ship was moving leagues faster than he ever could. If he simply left its premises for a few minutes, he'd get stranded. Although he could warp back on board, he had never tried this skill on an object without a fixed position, so he didn't want to risk it.
As he told Rose about this, she reminded him of something crucial.
"Can't you just do that yourself through your vector manipulation?"
Damien smacked his forehead. His excitement had turned him into an idiot for not thinking of such an easy fix.
Putting some thought into it, Damien realized that this was an even better option. If he got to control the gravity field, wouldn't he be able to train as he pleases? Still, vector control drained his mana, so he couldn't use it to form a continuous field as he had no idea how long he would stay training.
It didn't take long for Damien to put his plan into motion. The very next day, he left the protection of the flying sword and sat atop its hull. The gravity here was still present, but it didn't isolate the ship as much as the areas on the balconies.
This was probably due to the fact that the people who designed it didn't mean for there to be people sitting on this area of the ship.
Still, this was the perfect environment for Damien. He hadn't even begun to comprehend what dimensional magic could do, and being in outer space was the best place to do so.
As he entered a meditative state, Damien felt the presence of a larger volume of spatial mana than he'd ever felt before. Well, this was obvious since he was surrounded by the element.
'Is it even an element? This spatial mana seems to be much stronger and more profound than anything that could merely be called an element.'
He opened his eyes and tried to see the swirling ambient mana that always colored his vision, but he wasn't able to do so.
'Is it because the element is colored black like the space around me? Or am I too weak to see it?'
He had the faint feeling it was the latter, but it didn't make sense to him. His eyes had never failed him before this, so they shouldn't do so now.
'No, being overly reliant on them is stupid.'
Damien shook off his stray thoughts and went back to focusing on his surroundings. The mana around him carried its own ebb and flow, but the space itself was incredibly still.
He wanted to compare the sensation he felt to peeling an onion, but that metaphor didn't do it justice. There were just too many layers to call it as such.
 'What is space?'
He thought he already had a good grasp of the concept, but this experience was proving him wrong.
'It's ever-expanding, but it also constricts upon itself. If it collapsed, then the result would be chaos. Can time even flow without the presence of space?'
Time and space were two interconnected concepts. Without space, where would time flow? Time was sometimes said to be a concept only perceived by the mind, and it was something that was perceived differently by many beings.
Could the difference in the processing speed of the brain contribute to how beings perceive time? Time continued flowing no matter what, it was like an immortal and unbiased river. It listened to no opinion and never slowed down.
What changed was how people used their time, and how much time they had. Damien remembered the murals on the ancient temple in the Eternal Secret Realm. Those demigods on Apeiron lived for at least ten thousand years.
How would they perceive time? The measly 21 years he had been alive would only be a drop in the ocean for them. They might even spend a longer period of time simply sitting in meditation as he was doing now.
'What would people do if they had the ability to stop or even reverse time?'
Revive the dead? Fix their mistakes? There were plenty of options, but would any of them lead to positive results?
As he figured before, time was an unbiased concept. It was impossible for someone to manipulate it in a single instance solely for their own benefit without affecting anything else. Time was a river, and swimming upstream in that river would inevitably cause massive ripples.
'But would I still choose to change the past, ignoring these ripples?'
For Damien, the answer was a resounding no. His fall, the bullying he suffered, and even his father's disappearance were all events that led him to where he was today as the person he was today.
Without those events, he wouldn't have become strong. Without those events, he wouldn't have met the people he cared about. He might not even have been able to heal his mother.
But for others? He knew that there were countless people in this ever-expanding universe that would do unspeakable things for the chance to change the past. To turn the wheel of time on a universal scale for such a selfish action was absurd, yet oddly relatable.
'But what about controlling time within a smaller area? Does this relate back to space?'
The two concepts went hand in hand. They showcased duality and a balance in the universe.
Without space, where would time flow? And without time, how could space expand?
'Why did I start thinking about time all of a sudden?'
His thought process had skewed so far from the original goal that he almost forgot he was meditating.
However, unbeknownst to Damien, two different translucent types of mana began slightly stirring around his body.



Chapter 113 Cloud Plane 3
6 months later.
The massive flying treasure had trekked through tens of star systems and witnessed many amazing sights, varying from desolate worlds that were plagued with death to worlds made entirely of a single element.
Stars like the sun were essentially massive balls of fire, but there were even some worlds that were wholly made of water or even lightning.
Rose and Elena had their horizons broadened by a maddening degree. Both had only seen two worlds in their entire lifetimes, which could already be considered more than any normal person, but now they had been enlightened to the vastness of the universe.
Currently, they were sitting together at a table in the recreational hall of the ship, trying to relieve their boredom in any way they could.
They quarreled often, they trained often, and they even lived lavishly like empresses for a bit, but their journey was too long for them to find any constant sources of entertainment.
By now, the two weren't as opposed to each other as they were when they first met. Even fighting as they used to do could get boring nowadays.
While space travel was fun in concept, it was always a prolonged endeavor. And the loneliness would have quickly become maddening if they didn't have each other to talk to.
"He still hasn't returned yet?" Elena asked with a sigh.
"Nope," Rose responded, "he used to visit every week or so to chat with us, but for the last 4 months, he hadn't left his position."
"Are we sure he didn't get stranded somewhere on the way?"
"How could that be possible? If it really happened, wouldn't Zara be going crazy right now?" Rose said as she pet the silky fur of the wolf by her side.
"Hmph! I would be fine without him! He is just my best friend, that's all!" Zara complained defiantly, causing both girls to laugh.
 They both knew that she could only talk like this if she felt his presence clearly.
"He hasn't said anything to me for a while, but I can still feel him in the same place he was last time."
The girls sighed as they attempted to peer through the ceiling of the ship.
'I wonder what he's up to.'
Meanwhile, the person in question sat like an ancient monk training his patience. As the girls said, he hadn't moved from his spot in many months.
Of the two currents of mana that surrounded his body, one had become a raging torrent while the other had barely changed, in no hurry to make itself known.
Its presence was negligible to the point where even when Damien paused or reentered his meditation; he never felt its existence.
Opening his eyes once more, Damien let out a deep sigh.
'Dimensional magic is…insane.'
It had been 7 whole months since he immersed himself in his training, but he had barely made progress. Well, that wasn't quite true, but it's how he felt.
On the small scale, he had made immense progress. His existing abilities were further developed and he was able to create the next form of his sword art.
This was the new second form he had been thinking about for a long time. Its main concept was 'distance' and now to influence it through space. Its profundity was much higher than his previous iterations, but since it was a single target attack, he placed it as the new 2nd form of his sword art.
Since he was creating the art from scratch, this kind of thing was easy. His art focused on fluidity, but not in a sense where the order of moves mattered. Switching from any step to another step needed fluidity, ignoring any barriers.
The problem was, even with his improvements his dimensional magic skill was stuck at level 1. Even what he would have previously considered as major improvement turned out to not even scratch the surface of this new ability.
Wondering the true extent of his power, Damien slowly stood up from his position. In the distance, he could see a massive planet that was slightly larger than even Apeiron. And judging from the direction of the ship, it was their destination.
They had finally reached the Cloud Plane.
Damien left his spot on the hull of the ship and joined the others inside. It wasn't just the girls, but Xiao Zhen and Yin Jian had also gathered.
"You've finally arrived. I take it your training was a success?"
Damien nodded with a slight smile as he joined the group.
"Now that we're here, I have one more detail I need to confirm," Damien said. "Do we need to use fake names, or will we be fine as is?"
Xiao Zhen pondered for a bit but shook his head in the end. "It should be unnecessary. Although our names tend to bear similarities to the ones you call Chinese in your homeworld, it isn't uncommon for others to exist.
"There are a plethora of cultures in our world, some even sharing similarities with your own. And, since you will be headed for the central continent, you will find a largely mixed population. It's the largest and most advanced of the 5 continents, and it's a place where many cultures converge."
Damien nodded, hiding the slightly disappointed look in his eyes. 'It would have been fun to become Tian Long or Yang Lintian or something.'
Cultivation was one of Damien's favorite genres back in the day, so he held a decent amount of excitement to act as they did in those novels, but he shook away these thoughts.
'If my name is normal in this world, I can still do all of those things. First on the bucket list, offend a young master. Second on the bucket list, procure a jade beauty!'
As he thought nonsensical things, the flying ship entered the atmosphere of the Cloud Plane.
Surprisingly, the mana density was a bit lower than that of Apeiron, but not by a noticeable amount. Damien could only tell since he was already connected to a world core. This connection made him more sensitive toward ambient mana.
'This must be due to cultivation. With a large amount of the populace spending prolonged periods simply absorbing ambient mana in place of the usual method for gaining experience, the planet is bound to encounter setbacks.'
Damien glanced at Xiao Zhen. 'Well, with conditions like this, I can understand the need to usurp mana from other planets. Luckily, this world has a strong divide between the righteous and wicked path, with the righteous sects being in control.'
The righteous and wicked path were terms Damien had learned of not too long ago. While both paths were viable to gain strength, their difference lay mainly in morality.
Wicked path cultivators weren't averse to committing genocide and mass slaughters for their own gains. They also practiced what was called 'vile techniques and manuals'. These cultivation manuals would use various means to quickly increase strength, sacrificing foundation in the process.
Some of these manuals even allowed people to steal experience from others, though they were rarely effective. The ones that could do this efficiently would most likely be considered as Divine Grade manuals, but the ones most people used obviously didn't reach this level.
As such, they needed more victims to proceed in their path to strength, leading to the aforementioned vile acts.
Damien didn't want to imagine what would have happened to earth if wicked path cultivators were more prevalent in this world.
The righteous path could be considered as people with even the slightest bit of morality. Though, Damien didn't believe this. From what he had read and experienced, the righteous path was usually just filled with people who schemed in the shadows rather than in the open.
Well, he didn't want to generalize, as he was aware that there would be plenty of truly righteous people within this classification, while most of them would fall in the grey area like him. He also didn't mind people scheming in the dark. If anything, they'd help him grow his political sense and logical thinking.
At the peak of these people stood the Jade Heavenly Palace. Its name was grandiose enough, but its status was even bigger. If the Jade Heavenly Palace told people to go right, there were very few who would dare to go left.
'Should I aim to join them?'
He definitely considered it, but he had just arrived in the world. It would be stupid to make a decision purely based on hearsay.
While he tried to think logically, the ship finally landed on the ground outside of a massive city. The city itself was surrounded by a large wall, presumably to keep out beasts, and its whole aesthetic screamed flames.
"Welcome to our Burning Sun Sect." Xiao Zhen said as the door to the flying treasure opened. Smiling lightly as the varied scenes of the area were revealed, he continued.
"And more importantly, welcome to our Cloud Plane."



Chapter 114 Central Continent 1
Damien looked at his surroundings with clear curiosity.
At the moment, Damien's group was on the western continent where the Burning Sun Sect was located, as this was where Xiao Zhen and Yin Jian were headed. And just from the sight of the city in front of them, Damien could tell how much eastern influence this world contained.
Well, it couldn't necessarily be called influence since the two worlds were never related, but to him who was raised on earth, the sight of pagodas and eastern style architecture felt that way.
But he felt that something was off.
It wasn't the scenery itself that was different, rather there was something about the vibe that set the Cloud Plane apart from the other two worlds Damien had been to.
He could feel it in the air he was breathing, it was like this world contained a spirituality that Apeiron didn't, let alone earth.
Earth was new to mana and the new observable universe, so it didn't contain this type of uniqueness. As for Apeiron, he hadn't noticed the difference until he stepped into the Cloud Plane.
He had assumed it was just the increased quality of the ambient mana, but it wasn't just that. Apeiron's atmosphere gave a peaceful yet adventurous feeling that piqued Damien's interest. Meanwhile, the Cloud Plane's atmosphere felt more ruthless and thirsting for strength.
Something about this atmosphere enthralled Damien, making his blood boil. There was no way this entire world was in a constant state of violence, but he felt that the amount of conflict and pressure he could encounter would be leagues ahead of Apeiron.
Currently, Damien's group had already separated from Xiao Zhen, as their cooperation finished when they arrived in the world.
With Yin Jian holding a slight grudge against them and Xiao Zhen having responsibilities within the sect, they most likely wouldn't meet again for a while, if ever.
"So, does anyone have ideas for how we should proceed?" He asked.
"Hmm, judging from what we learned previously, we won't find any challenges on the 4 smaller continents, since we already qualify as elders in these mid-sized sects. It's best if we head straight to the central continent." Rose responded.
"Yeah, I also think we should go straight there. I won't get the chance to improve myself unless I experience some serious pressure." Elena chimed in with a resolute expression.
Out of the three of them, Elena was the one least in her element. Everything that had happened in the past few months was simply surreal to her.
 Only during their extended trip to reach the Cloud Plane did reality finally sink in. 
First, she met Damien again. When it comes to him, she always tended to subconsciously avoid any issues. She had built a strong determination to meet him again that almost bordered on insanity, and driving this determination was her feelings for him.
But when they met, he brought back a woman of his own. She was crushed but did her best to put up a strong front. She started avoiding her strong emotions for him as they slowly settled back into the relationship they used to have.
Yet, things weren't the same. Damien wasn't the same kid he was back then. He was always focused on something else, rarely ever having fun like he used to, and his entire personality seemed to shift towards something more indifferent.
She missed the old Damien, but she didn't say anything about it. Did she even have the right to? She had no idea what he had experienced in the 4 years they had been apart, but she knew it was extreme.
And so, she once again evaded the issue. She continued to live life like they did until the Niflheim infiltration. At that point, she felt both excitement and terror.
She thoroughly enjoyed the new feeling that came with entering danger with allies, but she also got the chance to realize the vastness and cruelty of the universe.
The scenes she saw that day still haunted her dreams sometimes, but she still ignored them.
And after that, she traveled to a new world, saw its sights, was given a new sword, and even dined with a being whose strength seemed unfathomable.
Throughout every ordeal, she just went with the flow. She decided not to think too deeply about things since she felt her brain would overheat if she tried.
That is until she ended up on a spaceship to another world. She was given 7 months to herself, where her only company was Rose and Zara.
During those 7 months, everything came crashing down on her. The reality she tried her hardest to evade finally caught up to her. As she looked out the massive windows of the ship and saw the glimmer of stars that surrounded it, she realized that in a simple 2 months, her life had flipped upside down.
She wasn't okay with the fact that Damien was with someone that wasn't her, but could she complain? Frankly, she liked Rose too, even if it was just as a friend, she finally got to experience what it was like to have a rival.
Sometimes, she would wish that Rose was more arrogant and hateful so she could justify her intrusive thoughts, but she forcefully suppressed that emotion. She didn't want to become some stereotypical envious girl.
She tried her hardest to revert to just being Damien's friend, to be someone he could rely on, but was it ever a simple task to do so? Her crush on him had sprouted when they were still children. One could imagine how much those feelings evolved when she harbored them for 10 years.
She was also made painstakingly aware of her own weakness. Even though Damien and Rose never said anything about it, even including her when they could, their subtle actions made her understand the gap.
The fact that they almost didn't allow her to come with them on this adventure was testament to this. She was weak, and still in 2nd class while they were in 3rd.
She saw their power when they fought the dark imps of Niflheim, and she also saw how unhesitant Damien was to kill. She knew that her current mindset wouldn't cut it in the future.
She had only recently learned about mana circuits, and in a bid for strength, had created her own during the trip to the Cloud Plane.
While Elena was happy, she also hated her situation. And when she thought of how she could change it…
'Strength.'
This was the only thing that came to mind. If she was stronger, she could walk side by side with her friends, and if she was stronger, she could make her own decisions and be respected. Even if it was out of concern for her safety, Elena hated being patronized.
And so, she made it her goal to both catch up and surpass at least Rose on this trip to the Cloud Plane. She was aware that they'd be separating from Damien later, but she wasn't worried. All this meant was that she had to grow enough to impress him when they reunited.
And then maybe…
She shook off the thought, thinking it nonsensical. In the end, nothing else mattered until she could contend with the others.
Elena was firm in her resolve. Unlike their 4 years when she gained strength for Damien's sake, or to make sure she wouldn't end up in a similar situation again, this time she was doing it for herself.
Sure, she wanted to be recognized, and sure she wanted to be praised, but this was all secondary. She wanted strength so she could achieve what she wanted when she wanted.
It wasn't a grand goal, but it was a resolute one. It was a goal that she could follow until she reached the apex. And now that she finally had a direction, all that was left was to implement it.
"Elena, you there?"
Elena was snapped out of her thoughts by a large hand that was continuously patting her face.
"I'm here, I'm here! Stop being a weirdo!" She said as she slapped it away. The hand was naturally Damien's.
"Ah, sorry you were just spacing out for a while. It looks like we've finally reached the sea."
Only then did Elena notice her surroundings. While she was in thought, their previous conversation had already ended. They made their way to the edge of the western continent to reach the sea before flying, but Elena was only following them subconsciously.
Now that she was woken from her thoughts, she was finally able to appreciate her surroundings.
The rolling waves of the massive body of water brushed against the sandy shore of the continent. This was the Cloud Sea of the Cloud Plane. The body of water took up much more of the world than the continents, so it was named after the world itself.
Crossing this vast sea, the group would reach the central continent, where their journey would begin. Watching the calming scene in front of her, Elena only had a single thought.
'I will surpass everything.'



Chapter 115 Central Continent 2
The Cloud Sea was expansive to the point where many cultivators didn't have the ability to cross the whole thing, leaving them stuck on their own continents.
In the first place, the 4 peripheral continents of the Cloud Plane were vast enough to where there wouldn't be a need to leave them if one didn't aspire to, so there weren't many that tried.
But of those who tried, very few were able to succeed. Besides the distance that could diminish the mana pool of anyone attempting to cross the whole thing in one go, there were also the dangers of the sea itself.
It wasn't just earth where sea monsters ran rampant, if anything earth was a beginner example of this. For worlds as old as the Cloud Plane, the sea was bound to be even more terrifying.
However, there were ships that people used to ferry to the different continents, but they were extremely rare and meant for only those in the upper class of society.
 Luckily, the sea monsters that resided near the surface were usually at the peak of 3rd class at their strongest, so such a service was possible. But the risk of a much stronger sea monster rising from the depths was always present. Nobody could guarantee absolute safety within the Cloud Sea. 
Currently, Damien's group was experiencing these dangers firsthand. Zara was flying at a high altitude, causing the sea monsters to be unable to reach them, but it didn't stop them from trying.
They would often see massive beasts, some resembling animals of earth while some were completely mythological, jumping towards them, trying to swallow them whole.
The sight was frankly amazing to watch. Especially since almost everyone in the group could combat these monsters alone, they took the experience as a show.
But they didn't drop their guard. Xiao Zhen had warned them about the Cloud Sea and the monsters residing within it, pointing out one beast in particular.
"If you ever see a storm charging towards you, always run in the opposite direction." He had said. "That is no natural storm, it is one of the massive sea dragons that will occasionally surface to hunt prey."
The sea dragons were described more like huge snakes larger than most buildings, but they still fell into the category of eastern dragons.
And while they were told to avoid them at all costs, Damien was anticipating the encounter, if it ever came. He had met a wyvern at the beginning of his journey, but he hadn't met anything that could be confidently called a dragon.
And a dragon was something he desperately wanted to meet, and potentially devour.
Not even mentioning his skill, Damien hadn't evolved his body in a very long time. There simply weren't any suitable beasts to do so. Besides, at the level they had reached now, beasts were intelligent lifeforms who wouldn't wantonly seek conflict.
'Well, if it's conflict I want, I should be able to find plenty in the central continent.'
The central continent's major forces were mainly split into the 5 sects and 4 major clans.
These sects were the Azure Lotus Sect, the Divine Dragon Temple, the Supreme Fairy Paradise, the Celestial Star Palace, and finally, and the Jade Heavenly Palace.
The 4 major clans of the Central Continent were the Wang, Shi, Xue, and Long clans.
Unlike the 4 major clans, which were relatively equal in strength, the sects had a ranking for themselves that followed the aforementioned order from last to first.
They were based on the number and strength of disciples and the sects' placement in both the secret realm and regional tournament events.
Sadly, the regional tournament was still 5 years away, so Damien most likely wouldn't get to compete in it, but he wasn't aware of the date when the secret realm opened.
He already had experience in a secret realm, so he was excited at the prospect of entering another one.
There were tens of smaller sects within the continent as well, but they were rarely mentioned, as their disciples came mainly from those who failed to get accepted into the top 5 sects.
Besides them, there was also an alchemy guild, whose influence spanned all 5 continents, as well as other auxiliary forces. However, these forces didn't strictly require loyalty, as one could join them even while being in a sect.
Damien had also heard about a Mercenary Guild that functioned similar to the adventurers guild on Apeiron, but its influence wasn't near as large. It was counted among those previously mentioned auxiliary powers.
Suddenly, Damien opened his inventory and took out a small piece of crystal that Xiao Zhen gave him.
'Who would've thought that spirit stones actually exist.'
The currency of this cultivation world was actually spirit stones, however, they weren't exactly as they had been written in the countless cultivation novels he had read.
They were made of crystallized mana, but they weren't rare in the slightest. It seems this world produced them from the very start when it was introduced to mana.
Spirit stones couldn't be used to raise cultivation or mana capacity though, as the mana inside of them wasn't pure at all. It was contaminated with various other forms of energy that resulted in the clear crystals that became known as spirit stones.
Even without explanation, Damien was able to figure this out. After all, he had personally crystallized pure mana and seen its appearance and ability. Those mana beads he made worked like compressed bombs rather than harmless currency.
As Damien slowly took his attention away from the spirit stone in his hand, he noticed the shadow of land in the distance. While they weren't exactly close, they weren't far at all.
Truthfully, he thought they'd be in for another month of traveling, but Zara's speed made the trip much more convenient. It had only been a week, but he projected that they'd reach their destination in another day's time.
However, it was as if the heavens didn't want them to have a smooth journey. How could they cross the Cloud Sea peacefully when everyone else was forced to struggle?
From the distance, a massive storm approached them. It looked like a hurricane, with swirling winds whose speed reached the level where they could shred any weaker being, raging lighting that evaporated the seawater it touched, and roaring waves whose height reached the level of tsunamis.
It was a true natural disaster, yet there was nothing natural about it. In the middle of that storm, Damien could make out a massive shadow that silently swam through the air.
"The Cloud Sea's famous sea dragon, huh. They have the innate ability to control the weather, and their affinity lies in water and lightning. If one meets a sea dragon on their voyage, their only option is to pray for a quick death."
Elena and Rose looked at the incoming storm in trepidation. Although they had some confidence that they could win the battle if they worked together, it didn't suppress the innate fear they felt as they watched the scene in front of them.
"Damien, it might be best if we speed up our journey so we don't encounter that thing. It looks like it'll be too close of a shave for us."
However, Damien's thoughts didn't align with this notion in the slightest. He suddenly felt a thirst that he hadn't felt in a while, maybe even since his days within the dungeon.
His eyes began to change, with the blood-red color overtaking the amethyst that it usually calmly interacted with. His teeth elongated into fangs, and his fingers did the same into claws.
His muscles tensed, and his throat felt hot. He felt the undeniable urge to roar into the heavens. His blood boiled as if there was something within him that refused to retreat from this encounter.
And there was. The traits he had gained from the wyvern felt challenged by this beast that was also descended from dragons. It felt the need to establish dominance over the sea dragon.
Damien's aura began to shift, its color mimicking the blood red of his eyes, as his bloodlust leaked, grabbing the attention of the sea dragon.
Sensing its gaze, Damien's excitement grew as a certain feeling pricked at his intuition.
It was a sense he had long forgotten due to its inactivity over the past few years.
It was the sense that told him when he would benefit from devouring his prey.
'That power, I want it.'



Chapter 116 Central Continent 3
Boom!
It wasn't the sound of an explosion or impact, but the sound of the shockwave released when Damien catapulted himself towards the raging storm in the distance.
He could no longer wait for the upcoming combat.
Sensing the bloodthirsty aura approaching it, the sea dragon roared in fury.
"Human! You dare challenge me within my own domain?!"
Damien responded with a wild grin as he reached the outer edge of the storm, thrusting himself into it without an ounce of hesitation.
The entire sequence of events took place in mere seconds, leaving the girls stunned without the ability to react.
"Hey, big guy, why don't you give me a good fight!" Damien yelled.
"Hmph! I'll show you what happens to those who dare challenge my authority!"
The sea raged as the waves transformed into massive tornadoes that wildly moved through the storm. The lightning that had been randomly striking the sea began concentrating on Damien's location.
Boom! Boom!
Everywhere he went, he was greeted with another lightning bolt, but Damien didn't seem to care. His entire being radiated that blood-red color that craved destruction.
Black lightning began crackling around his body. Unlike his previous lightning, this new iteration seemed much more threatening and wild.
He didn't even try to aim, randomly discharging the lightning into the space around him to counter any attack thrown his way. At this point, he still hadn't seen the sea dragon's true appearance, only the faint shadow that presented itself within the storm.
As Damien dodged another lightning bolt, a tornado of swirling water charged in his direction, enveloping him within it.
Within the tornado, Damien was subjected to countless blades of water that barraged him from every side. It was clear that the dragon's strength was above his, as the damage it could do to him was quite severe.
Cuts began accumulating on his body, but Damien laughed it off. He could feel his body regenerating, albeit slightly slower than the rate of injury.
Realizing that if he simply charged out of the tornado he'd get shredded, Damien summoned his sword before taking his stance.
He widened his legs and bent his knees slightly, crouching in mid-air while his arm holding the sword pulled back, keeping the sword angled perfectly horizontal.
'Void Sword Art Second Step: Horizon Break'
Boom!
 Damien's sword flickered as he thrust his arm forward, causing a massive hole to be punched into the tornado. Damien rushed out of this opening, smiling at the potential of his new attack.
However, he wasn't given a moment of rest. The second he left the tornado, he was barraged by a series of lightning bolts, as if the heavens wanted to smite him.
Boooom!
He avoided as many as he could, but some still hit their mark. Damien was flung back and his shirt was torn open, revealing the massive burn mark that had appeared on his chest.
Still, Damien was grinning from ear to ear. He wasn't a masochist by any definition of the word, but he was finally in a fight that he wouldn't automatically win.
Deciding that he had enough fun with the storm, Damien charged for the sea dragon. He abused his teleportation, spazzing from one area to another with seemingly no pattern.
"Human! Stop running and die for me!"
The sea dragon was losing its temper, but before it could do anything, it felt imminent danger. It quickly twisted its massive body at an impossible angle, watching a large gash be torn in the haze where it had been residing.
'Void Sword Art First Step: Bladeless'
Now that he had reached a new level of destructiveness, especially after his training in outer space, the possibilities for bladeless were immense. Yet, Damien used its most primal form, putting large amounts of mana into the strike to enlarge its target radius.
With the haze removed, he finally got a good look at the sea dragon. Well, serpent was a better word to describe it. It was larger than even Zara, with its length being around 100 meters, and its entire body was covered in shining green scales.
It had no limbs, and its resemblance to dragons resided in its head. It looked like a knockoff version of a Chinese dragon, just massive and terrifying.
"You dare?!" It spoke once again. Not once had it met someone who could make it past the storm.
But it wasn't weak without the storm. On the contrary, its abilities hadn't even been showcased yet.
Now that he had a clear picture of his opponent, Damien went straight for its head. He wanted to slice it off in one go, but that was never an option.
The sea dragon whipped its tail, causing a loud clap as the air around it was pushed in on itself. Instead of teleporting away like he logically should, Damien met the tail head-on.
He charged mana into his fist as quickly as he could, sending his mana circuits into overdrive as he punched out.
When the two came in contact, another explosion resounded through the area. The tail was pushed back, cracks evident in its scales, while Damien was flung much further.
His arm was dangling by his side, seemingly not functional anymore. His bones had been shattered in the collision, almost to the point of no recovery, but Damien was able to offset some of the damage at the last second.
The sea dragon was surprised that the human in front of it had survived that collision, but it shook off its thoughts. It was already getting bored of this battle, so it wanted to end it as soon as possible.
"Human, let me show you what it means to face a dragon!"
The sea dragon opened its mouth, gathering mana within it. A massive cerulean blue ball of water mana began forming within its jaws.
'It's going to use a breath attack.' Damien thought. 'Then, let's compare that as well.'
He hadn't used his breath in a very long time, and he hadn't seen its capability after the change in his affinities, so he was anticipating the next clash.
Just like the dragon, Damien began inhaling a massive breath. A translucent hey destructive mana gathered within his jaws as black streaks crackled along its surface.
The two remained stationary, staring at each other with ferocious eyes as their attacks charged. Maybe it was out of respect, challenge, or because neither could be bothered, but they didn't interrupt each other in the slightest. And then…
Two resounding roars shook the Cloud Sea. A beam of striking blue energy that looked eerily similar to a laser and a beam of translucent energy crackling with black light collided with each other.
BOOOM!
An explosion like no other was produced at their collision, but neither seemed willing to back down. They continued pushing at each other, attempting to overpower the other before their energy diminished.
The sheer heat generated by the collision was enough to damage both of them. The scales on the sea dragon's neck began to melt, while Damien's skin also started to blister. If one looked closely, one would be able to see the red muscles underneath.
But he wasn't even close to done. Even while the collision of the energy beams was ongoing, Damien teleported onto the dragon's head. Finding a crack in the scales, he thrust his sword down.
'Void Sword Art 4th Step: Spatial Collapse'
He initiated spatial collapse within the dragon's skin. Instead of the atmosphere twisting, it was the dragon's body itself.
"ROOOAAARR!"
The dragon released a roar of agony at this feeling. It couldn't allow this human to continue, or it might truly die.
The sky began to rumble as thunderclouds formed above the two. Without suspense, tens of lightning bolts began raining down.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Unlike before, Damien didn't even try to dodge. He stood firm on the dragon's head, pouring more mana into the spatial collapse as the lightning impacted his body.
His head felt fuzzy, his skin was burned off, and even his muscles began to melt due to the heat. Yet, he stood strong.
If he didn't have innate lightning resistance because of his own affinity, he'd have been reduced to ashes already. But that was only a hypothetical scenario.
"AAARRRGH!"
Damien roared in pain, but he didn't budge. Grasping his sword with both hands, he twisted it within the wound, causing it to expand.
Not wanting to stay stationary and be bombarded, he used all his strength, even using some mana to enhance himself, and dragged his sword through the dragon's body, carving a massive gash into its flesh.
When he met with scales, he used sheet power and heat to blaze through them. He ignored everything else, only wanting to kill this damn beast.
His body tried its best to regenerate, but it was piling damage too fast for it to work effectively. For the first time since the dungeon, Damien began accumulating scars.
Pressurized jets of water shot towards him, drilling holes into his already breaking body, but he didn't care. He twisted his blade once more, deepening the wound he was causing.
The dragon no longer had the ability to roar. Its internal organs had already been ruptured by the spatial collapse, and with the positioning of the sword, its brain was next. If it didn't do anything, it'd die here.
The storm's ferocity increased, leaving Damien's regeneration insignificant. Both opponents were fighting death.
Damien's eyes were filled with a light of madness. Something was driving him to these insane lengths, but he was none the wiser. He felt the pain and he felt the threat of death, but it only made his blood boil with excitement.
The battle seemed at a standstill, with both opponents knocking on death's door, but Damien still had a card up his sleeve. A bright flame enveloped his blade, its heat melting even the air around it. With this final push, Damien cut through the dragon's skull like butter.
Crack!
One final sound resounded in the area before everything went quiet. In the deafening silence that followed, only a single word could be heard.
"Devour."



Chapter 117 Central Continent 4
The transition from the intense life-or-death battle to the point when everything ended was so drastic that the girls couldn't make heads or tails out of the whole situation.
They only knew the intense fear they had felt from seeing Damien's condition. Even if it had been a while, Damien was still accustomed to the perilous situation that he had just gone through, so from his perspective, it was just an entertaining fight.
To the girls who had only ever seen him dominate his opponents, though, the shock factor was intense. Realistically, he had almost died in that fight.
His skin was torn off, his muscles were melting, and his regeneration ceased to function, but he took all the pain with a grin on his face. It was truly harrowing.
'What does someone have to experience to shoulder that kind of pain with a smile?'
The same thought was running through both Rose and Elena's minds. Rose especially was told the story of what happened to him in the dungeon, but hearing about it and seeing first hand was different.
He was bestial and insane during the fight. His aura and entire personality had gone through an immense change. He was like a different person, a person none of them had seen before.
The only one relatively unaffected by the situation was Zara. Since she had been with him during many of the intense fights he went through in the dungeon, this wasn't anything new to her.
She had also seen him at his worst when his humanity had all but escaped him, so she saw this behavior as normal.
Her emotional intelligence hadn't reached a level where she could tell that this change was concerning.
Damien had been slowly improving. Either that, or he had successfully suppressed his insanity after prolonged periods of human contact. But it wasn't something he could simply get rid of.
Especially when he finally met an opponent that could challenge him and a beast that could grant him another trait, he lost himself.
Even now, after the battle had ended, he stood atop the sea dragon's corpse with the same light in his eyes. The light of mania. His muscles and skin were already healing, but they didn't look as pristine as they once did.
Due to the fact that his regeneration had failed, the scars and burns of the battle stayed with him. Albeit they weren't grotesque and were instead faded as if they were years old, they were still present.
It was then that the girls heard Damien speak. In his voice which was still hoarse due to his vocal cords being slightly fried, he said that single word.
"Devour."
An abyssal black fog materialized around him, wrapping around the sea dragon's head before expanding and covering its entire body. Slowly but surely, the corpse began to vaporize into motes of energy.
As the energy entered his body, Damien once again went through a change. His organs, which had already been refined, were broken down and restructured to be more suitable for combat.
A strong outer defense wasn't enough to get by. Even if the damage of an attack was negated, the force of its impact could still rattle the internals and kill a cultivator easily.
Along with the hardening of his organs, the other areas of his body began to change as well. Unlike his previous evolutions that were mostly centered around one area to house the new trait he gained, this one was different. The storm trait of the sea dragon wasn't something that was concentrated on a single area of the body.
But something interesting started to occur in his blood. Damien's beast bloodline was something he gained through his first mutation, and due to this it wasn't complete and evolved into something new every time he devoured a suitable beast.
The last time it experienced this kind of evolution was when he devoured the wyvern on the 40th floor and being the most powerful beast he evolved from until that point, its bloodline took priority.
And now, Damien had devoured another subspecies of dragons. When the two bloodlines came into contact with each other, they immediately reacted negatively, seemingly fighting each other for dominance.
Damien's blood literally boiled at the collision between the two prideful sources, causing his body to jerk and stiffen from pain. It wasn't an external impact this time, but his own body fighting itself.
His veins bulged as he clenched his teeth, grinding them together hard enough to produce an audible sound. His body began to spasm as his blood burned. However, this collision wasn't allowed to continue for long.
In some unknown location within him, Damien's Void Physique became active, sending its essence into his bloodstream. The second this essence met the two opposing bloodlines, they instantly calmed down.
The effect was magical. The adverse reaction he was having stopped abruptly as his two dragon bloodlines began to calmly fuse under the guidance of this new essence.
His eyes widened as his usual cross-shaped pupils continuously alternated to a more vertical and reptilian shape.
Two bumps formed in Damien's skull, causing protrusions in his forehead that his skin couldn't contain. It quickly burst, letting two blade-like horns erupt. However, they were quickly evaporated into essence and returned to his body.
The same happened with his skin. It hardened and separated into shining ink-colored scales before returning to normal. Now that his beast bloodline had tipped towards becoming a wholly dragon bloodline, the physical traits threatened to show themselves.
Yet, his Void Physique continued to disallow it. Any external changes to his body were destroyed and turned into energy to supplement the strengthening of his physical body.
As the evolution process came to an end, any liquid within his body began to churn. Logically, this should have caused more pain, but that didn't occur in the slightest.
Instead, the churning seemingly empowered him. It felt similar to the sensation of extreme anticipation, making Damien want to roar into the heavens.
And so, he did.
The seas raged and storm clouds gathered in his vicinity. Thick black streaks of lightning danced through the air. Whirlpools formed in the water below him and the waves once again peaked.
No sea monster dared to go near the area. Even the ones who had planned to investigate after sensing the disappearance of the sea dragon's aura hesitated.
The storm was much smaller than the previous one, but its intensity didn't lose out in the slightest. But after only 10 brief minutes, the entire thing subsided.
Damien slowly opened his eyes feeling refreshed. He hadn't felt such excitement in a very long time, not even during his time infiltrating Niflheim. These kinds of head-on collisions were his favorite.
With his battle finished, Damien flew back to the area where the girls were watching, not even aware of his changed state during battle. The blood-red aura had receded, and his eyes had returned to their usual yin-yang pattern of red and amethyst.
He interpreted the extreme urge to kill that he had experienced as the thirst for battle he hadn't felt in so long, subconsciously avoiding the subject.
Reaching the girls, Damien let out a light smile. "Let's get to dry land now, shall we?"
Rose and Elena had a mountain of questions they wanted to ask, but seeing that he was stable again, they didn't want to push it.
'I have no idea what triggered that state, and I don't want to bring it up and induce such a thing again.' Rose thought.
She knew there was a problem, but she had no idea how to fix it. It was something that they'd need to talk about at another time, but that wasn't now.
Meanwhile, Zara was simply excited. "That was awesome! Watch, I'll be able to do something cool like that, too!"
Damien smiled as he patted her soft fur. "I'm sure you will."
Even after so long, he had no idea what her bloodline was, and this spoke volumes. An unknown yet powerful bloodline would surely grant her an overpowered trait. And the fact that she hadn't received one yet was testament to this fact.
 The group flew in relative peace for the next day, everyone in their own thoughts as they reached their destination and set foot on dry land once more.
'Finally, the Central Continent.'



Chapter 118 Separation 1
Unlike the sandy beaches of the Western Continent, the Central continent bordered the Cloud Sea with massive overarching cliffs. The waves of the sea crashed against these cliffs and created spiraling patterns on its surface.
Landing on flat land, Damien and the girls took a moment to appreciate the air they were now surrounded with. It was odd that there wasn't a gradient that led to the change in atmosphere, but they didn't focus on this point.
Instead, they focused on the cleanliness and elevating feeling the mana contained. It still contained that underlying message that the entire Cloud Plane followed, but its vibe was much loftier.
"It's crazy to see how different the feeling of mana is in different places," Elena commented.
Rose nodded. "Yeah, it's more obvious here since there are multiple continents unlike Apeiron, but it really makes you wonder if mana is just a random energy that simply exists."
"Are you trying to say that mana might contain some sentience?" Damien asked, intrigued by the concept.
"Hmm, I'm not sure exactly, but doesn't the records have at least a basic level of sentience to accurately manage every being in existence and cater to their individuality?"
"Yeah, that makes sense. Still, I don't think any of us are qualified to ask such questions. There's that old saying about the truth being too dangerous for a reason."
The other two nodded in agreement. Sometimes, knowing things could hurt more than it helped. It could deflate one's confidence and drive, and also drive them into despair depending on the truth they learned.
"Well, let's not focus on such an ethereal concept at the moment. We need to figure out the direction we want to take from here."
At the mention of the future, Rose's expression became slightly pained. Although she was supportive of Damien, it didn't mean she didn't want to stay with him. She had much more fun adventuring together with him than when she was alone.
Turning to Elena, she smiled lightly. "Hmph, since you're going off on your own, I'll just have to settle with little Elena over here."
"Who are you calling little?" Elena challenged as she puffed out her chest. She was slightly taller than Rose, so with this move, she was able to slightly look down on her.
"Just because you're taller doesn't mean I can't call you little!" Rose responded with her gaze focused on a certain area.
"Hey!"
As the two squabbled, Damien ended up looking in the other direction. Why did they have to bring up that kind of thing around him? If he inserted himself into the conversation, he would probably be labeled a pervert, but he felt that interrupting them would make him a buzz kill.
'Sigh, we probably should've asked for a map or something before we left the western continent.'
They were in too much of a hurry to leave that they had disregarded some small conveniences like directions.
'Well, I guess I'll just let fate lead me or something.'
Damien already had a goal in mind once he heard about the power structure of the central continent. Rather than the Jade Heavenly Palace, he was more interested in the Celestial Star Palace. After all, just from its name alone, he felt it was more suited to him.
"Are you guys planning to join a sect?" He suddenly asked, curious about the girls' decision.
Elena was the one to speak up first. "Mhm, we talked about it and decided we will head to the Supreme Fairy Paradise."
 "That's right," Rose continued, "the sect only accepts females, so we won't have to worry about any annoying young master tropes that'll cause us more trouble in the long run."
Damien raised his brow. It turns out Rose had graduated from strictly watching anime and had read some novels in her time on earth as well.
"You should still be careful, though. Even if you can evade the young masters, you'll still be subject to plenty of jealousy with your talents. Both of you need to stay cautious even within the sect."
"Yeah, don't worry. We can take care of ourselves, I thought we already proved that."
Damien smiled wryly. Even if he knew their strength, he was allowed to worry, right? Still, he was glad they had confidence in themselves.
"If this world is anything like what we've read, arrogance is a good quality to have as long as we don't try to challenge the heavens as ants. Keep your heads high and bow to nobody unless they have earned your respect."
There was definitely something mysterious about earth. If it was just some fantasy novels, he could accept the coincidence, but the various genres and various theologies around the world were resemblant to real worlds that existed in the observable universe.
But earth wasn't in contact with mana before a decade ago, so it should've been impossible for this to occur. But from Damien's experience in Apeiron, the fiction on earth was generally accurate in its tellings of other worlds, at least when it came to power structure.
But even as someone who bound the earth's world core, he didn't have the answers.
'Whatever, it's not important right now.'
Looking at the girls, Damien felt slightly unwilling to part. He was surprised by his own feelings, but he disregarded them. He wouldn't go back on his decisions now, and he didn't want the girls to forgo the plans they had made just because he changed his mind.
"Just be careful out there," Damien said lightly.
Rose smiled at his change in demeanor. 'This big idiot really hates being honest with himself.'
Disregarding Elena who was standing next to her, Rose embraced Damien tightly and stole a kiss. Unlike the chaste kisses they'd shared before, Rose made sure she got some tongue this time.
Damien's eyes were wide as they darted between Rose and Elena, but in the end, he just closed them and enjoyed the kiss. He wouldn't see her for a while, so he would relish this small moment they could share.
After a full minute, Rose decided it was enough and pulled back with a slightly red face. "If you forget about me before we meet again, I'll make sure to beat you up until you remember again."
Elena had been looking in the other direction, obviously not interested in watching their show of affection, but when she heard Rose talk again, she turned back around and took her chance to say farewells as well.
Unlike Rose, she simply gave Damien a tight hug. Well, the hug wasn't too simple with how tight she was squeezing him.
Damien was trying his best to ignore the feeling of her chest pressing into his when he heard her mouse-like voice. His hearing had advanced to the point where he could hear her clearly, even if Rose couldn't.
"We aren't the only ones who need to be safe, dummy. Don't do dangerous things as you did with the sea dragon. I don't want to lose you again."
Damien smiled lightly and replied in a voice only she could hear. "I'm glad you feel that way and don't worry. I won't put you through that again."
They hadn't really talked about their feelings when he initially fell, and he didn't know whether to be happy or sad that she had been affected so deeply. He was glad she cared for him that much, but he felt that he burdened her for the 4 years it took him to return.
He really owed her a lot more than he let on, but he realized he had been neglecting her for a while. There was a reason for this, he just didn't want to admit it.
He didn't know how to feel about her. He liked her before his fall, and his feelings for her increased after the legacy tomb trial, but he felt that those increased feelings were fake.
Regardless of how accurate the representation was, that wasn't the real Elena. He didn't want his feelings for her to be based on an illusion.
So, he had been subconsciously avoiding her to somehow rid himself of those false feelings. He didn't know how he'd treat her when everything was over, but he persisted.
Still, he didn't admit this. He just comforted her slightly before they broke off their hug. With the farewells finished, the group slowly split up.
Damien watched as Elena and Rose's figures faded into the distance with a slightly forlorn gaze before turning to Zara.
"I guess it's just us again." He said.
"Mhm!" Zara responded. "Let's go, let's go!"
She was also saddened by the separation, but she was excited to spend more time with Damien. Even if she really liked the girls, she still missed the days when it was just them.
Smiling at her excitement, Damien climbed on Zara's back. 'Maybe I haven't been giving her enough attention recently.'
"Then let's go. We have a whole new world awaiting us."



Chapter 119 Separation 2
For the next 2 days, Damien and Zara simply flew through the blue skies of the central continent as they looked out for any large cities near them.
Well, it wasn't too hard like it was in Apeiron. They managed to find a port city only a few tens of kilometers away from their starting location, but it wasn't what they were looking for.
Instead, Damien just took a quick stop there and used the meager amount of spirit stones he had acquired from Xiao Zhen to buy a map. He learned how expensive life in this world would be.
'I'm going to have to figure out some way to make money here.'
He had used all 10 of his spirit stones on a map that wasn't even detailed. However, it was enough for him. He only needed to know the location of the Celestial Star Palace, which, as the 2nd rank sect in the entire continent, was clearly outlined on the map.
But that wouldn't suffice for his entire stay in this world. He had no plans for leaving anytime soon, so he needed a way to make money and sustain himself.
'It's going to be a pain in the ass.'
For now, he chose to ignore it and turned his focus back to the map in his hand.
With no surprise, the sect was located near the center of the continent where the mana density was thickest. Although the Jade Heavenly Palace had the privilege of taking the exact center, the Celestial Star Palace wasn't too far from it.
In fact, both sects had a long-standing relationship as rivals. The Jade Heavenly Palace had a firm hold on its title as the top-ranked sect, but the Celestial Star Palace always stayed directly behind it, waiting for an opportunity to overtake it.
Their rivalry wasn't something Damien knew the full extent of, but for them to be located within such a close range to each other, it had to run deep.
Being new, Damien also didn't know the scale of the map, which correlated to the size of the entire central continent. He just assumed its size based on what he could see.
But in the following days, the world proved him wrong. In fact, the central continent was many times larger than he could have ever expected. Currently, he had spent an entire week traveling, and even at Zara's speeds, he was just beginning to see the outline of the central region in front of him.
Thinking about it, this half of the continent was the same distance as the Cloud Sea that separated it from the western continent. He couldn't imagine how big the entire thing was.
Damien thought to immerse himself in training to pass the time, but it was already too late for that. The mana density had been steadily increasing for the past day or so, and he felt it was reaching its peak soon.
In the distance, he saw a coiling mountain range that corresponded to a picture on his map. It was the point of separation between the central region and the rest of the continent.
Flying over these mountains, a new world was opened to Damien's eyes. Even though it was blurry due to distance, he saw massive cities that spanned larger distances than some small states in America.
They were far from each other, but he was still able to see a few due to his current altitude. And even from this height, he could feel many strong auras radiating from these cities.
'So many 3rd classes! And even 4th classes are appearing occasionally!'
If there was one thing he was supremely confident in, it was his aura-sensing abilities. They stemmed from his eyes, and with the kind of name they had, he was sure they wouldn't fail him.
The vast difference in sheer manpower he sensed simply from this broad inspection was enough to shock him. After all, on Apeiron, there were very few 3rd classes and even fewer 4th classes.
 'Then why is Apeiron also considered a middle world?'
Frankly, he couldn't compare the two in strength or mana density. The Cloud Plane was leagues better. But Damien had seen the mural on the temple walls that showed Apeiron in its prime. He knew the conditions had to be different back then.
'Then, is it because of the war?'
He didn't know how the war could have such a lasting adverse effect on the planet, but he could only think of this reason for its stasis. It had been 1000 years since its end, but the world wasn't able to recover.
'However, the Nox who attacked it…'
He knew for certain they had recovered. Not only were they targeting the Cloud Plane, but also earth and many other worlds by extension.
They were his first thought when he heard about vile cultivators, but he had suppressed this thought. He didn't have enough faith in human nature to believe only Nox believers took such wicked cultivation paths.
'And some of them could even be hiding in plain sight.'
He didn't trust the righteous path purely based on its name either. From what he knew, the righteous path was simply where people schemed in the dark rather than in the open.
He didn't want to discount the efforts of those truly good people that existed, but his worldview was pessimistic, to say the least.
He has never believed that people could act purely out of the good of their hearts. Everyone had selfish intentions, even the best of people. He despised people who acted innocent on the outside but were the worst monsters in reality.
Noticing that his thoughts had skewed, Damien focused once again on the scenery around him. By this point, Zara had already taken him close to the general location of the Celestial Star Palace.
"Hmm, from what the map says, the next city should be the closest to the sect. Let's stop there and see if we can gather some information before we leave." Damien said.
Zara complied happily. Whenever he wasn't in his thoughts over the past week of travel, he had given her all the company she could ask for. Not only did they talk about various matters, but at one point they even landed and raced like they used to do in the past.
When they reached the periphery of the city, Damien noticed that there was a long queue to enter. "This reminds me of last time." He said as he reminisced on their entrance to Archdale.
Unlike that time, though, the strength of the average person was much larger. Damien wouldn't be able to trailblaze his way into the city. Even among these common people that he saw, there were plenty of 2nd classes.
Zara shrank to the size of a normal carriage before entering the line. Tamed beasts were much more common in this world, so there was no problem.
Or at least, that's what Damien thought. As he calmly sat in meditation on Zara's back, a commotion started taking place behind him.
"Make way! Make way! My young master has no need to stand in line with filth like you!" A booming voice resounded.
And the people did indeed make way. Seeing the symbol on the side of the cart, they didn't dare to even make a sound to express their grievances.
"That's the Wang Clan insignia."
"That's right, they are cemented in 3rd place among the 4 Great Clans."
"I heard that they have the backing of the Jade Heavenly Palace."
"I heard from my uncle that their young master is to be wedded to the Xue Clan young miss."
The carriage moved unimpeded through the hordes of people, unbothered by their murmurs before the driver spotted a large black obstruction in the distance.
"Make way, or don't blame this servant for trampling you!"
However, the obstruction didn't move. Damien, who had just exited his meditation, sat calmly atop Zara's back, suppressing the smile that was threatening to form on his lips.
'Is this my first young master interaction?'
Zara had her own pride, so even without Damien's instruction, she didn't budge. As the carriage approached, the murmurs of the crowd became more prominent.
"Who is that?"
"I don't recognize him, but his beast seems very powerful."
"Maybe he's a secluded young master?"
"To have a beast like that, he must have some status."
"He's quite handsome. Maybe this big sister can climb the social ladder through him."
"Don't dream, lady! If he has the guts to obstruct the Wang Clan carriage, why would he fall for an ugly hag like you?"
"What'd you say?!"
The carriage neared Zara, but as warned, it didn't stop in the slightest. In fact, the driver slightly sped up in a bid to cleanly dispose of the ones barring his path.
The two lion-like beasts that were pulling the carriage ran at full speed with ferocious expressions, kicking up large gusts of wind that pushed back any cultivator it came in contact with
However, just as the beasts were going to collide with Zara, they stopped abruptly. It wasn't that they wanted to, but their paws had been frozen to the ground below them, almost fusing the two surfaces into one. If the beasts pulled a little too hard, their paws might cleanly separate from their bodies.
From within the carriage, a massive thump was heard, followed by a billowing aura.
"Who dares stop this young master?!"



Chapter 120 Separation 3
"Who dares stop this young master?!"
A relatively young voice yelled from within the carriage. From the previous thump, it was clear that the owner of the voice had been flung into the wall or floor due to the abrupt stop.
The carriage door opened and out stepped a young man with black hair and eyes. His build was mostly slim, however, his most glaring feature was his height.
'This guy is tiny!'
If Damien had to make a guess, he'd say the man in front of him was 5 foot 2 inches maximum. He might even be shorter than that.
"Who gave you permission to stare at me?!" The man yelled angrily when his eyes landed on Damien.
'Is it a typical young master thing or does this guy have a Napoleon Complex?'
Still, Damien kept his mouth shut, choosing to observe before acting. He was still new to this world, so it was unwise to do anything stupid.
'Well, if I get some backing I should be fine.'
The young man quickly became further incensed by Damien's lack of reaction, but his eyes suddenly lit up in 'realization'.
"Oh, I get it. You must be some sort of country bumpkin! Hmph, my name is Wang Ming, now quickly kneel before me so I can go on with my day."
The whole situation was quite comical. Rather than a normal young master interaction like Damien was expecting, he had simply met a clown.
"Perhaps I really should kneel? Maybe only by doing this would we be able to see eye to eye."
Faint giggles began spreading through the crowd as people understood the meaning behind Damien's words. Unfortunately, Wang Ming seemed to be lacking in the brains department as well.
"Hmph, as expected of trash like you. It's good that you know when to kneel."
Recalling the conversations he heard in the crowd earlier, Damien began to feel sorry for the Xue Clan's young miss. Unless she was equally stupid, it'd be a shame for anyone to have to marry this guy.
Feeling disappointed by the interaction, Damien simply communicated with Zara to leave.
"Kid, you're too much of an idiot for this to be any fun, so maybe next time you should come back with someone better."
However, Wang Ming naturally wasn't satisfied. "Did I give you permission to leave?!"
Without warning, he pulled his arm back and punched forward, sending a large dragon made of flames toward Damien.
'This kid is just a 2nd class and still has the nerve to act like this. Is this what they call having eyes but can't see?' Damien wondered.
Still, he wasn't someone to take insults lying down. Since Wang Ming wanted to be humiliated so badly, Damien would just oblige him.
Disregarding the fire dragon that wouldn't be able to harm him even if he simply stood there and allowed it to hit him, Damien pointed his finger at Wang Ming.
'Let's just do this then.'
Dropping his finger slightly, Damien adjusted his aim before shooting off two concentrated beams of lightning.
Without even waiting to see the results, he turned and continued into the city, leaving a slight glance at the carriage driver as he left. With the line already being parted due to Wang Ming's earlier actions, he didn't have any trouble.
As he entered the city, Damien heard a shrill cry from behind him, followed by the muffled laughter of the crowd.
Any clothing below Wang Ming's waist had been burned to a crisp, becoming ash and exposing his lower body. The inevitable showing of his tiny member was what caused the crowd to laugh.
While Wang Ming continued being comedic relief, the driver of the carriage watched Damien's receding back in interest.
'The second young master needs to grow up, so interactions like this are necessary. However, the first young master will not be pleased when he learns of this.'
He had seen through Damien's intent even before the lightning had been released, yet he did nothing. Damien was also aware of this, as the old man's aura concealment couldn't fool his eyes.
'That young man's talents shouldn't be small. Maybe the first young master might even find a rival.'
Without speaking another word, the old driver used his mana to cover Wang Ming's exposed legs and led him back into the carriage.
As they departed into the city, Wang Ming was seething.
"A random trash bastard dares to humiliate this young master?! I will find some way to punish him, I swear it!"
As he partook in his rage-fueled monologue, he finally realized the meaning of Damien's earlier jab. "Dammit!" He slammed his fist against the wall.
"I'll make sure first brother makes him pay!"
Meanwhile, Damien was curiously looking through the city. The atmosphere was just as bustling as major cities in Apeiron like Aurora, but there was something inherently different that he couldn't place his finger on.
Still, this wasn't his focus. To his surprise, the talk of the town was perfectly in sync with his current goals.
"Quick, quick! Didn't you hear? The Celestial Star Palace is holding its disciple examination in 3 days!"
"Really? When I grow up and become a strong cultivator, I'm going to join the sect!"
"Stop dreaming! The Celestial Star Palace is the second-best sect in the entire world! How could you get in?"
"Well, I want to get accepted to the Jade Heavenly Palace! Second-ranked is too little for me!"
As he listened to the various conversations, Damien couldn't help but be amazed at the impeccable timing of it all.
'Don't tell me fate is actually a real thing?'
 It was only then he realized he hadn't even done proper research on the sect. 
'Well, I have 3 days to do so. Plus, it shouldn't be too hard, right?'
What Damien had forgotten was that he was dirt poor in this world. He was so used to not caring about money that he forgot how necessary the resource truly was.
For the next day, he didn't even take the time to enter a hotel or inn, simply spending all his time trying to gain information on the sect. And while he was largely unsuccessful, he was able to gain some general knowledge.
As its name suggested, the Celestial Star Palace was highly focused on such concepts. Not only was it a martial sect that cared about offensive prowess, but it also had a unique specialization in divination.
Now, Damien didn't necessarily believe in divination, but with mana anything was possible. He couldn't simply write it off as falsehood especially when such a large sect prioritized it.
'Not to mention, I don't really have anywhere else to go.'
Besides the fact that he was poor and had little knowledge of the Cloud Plane in general, he also found that the sect was even considered righteous among the righteous path. With its reputation, he didn't see a harm in trying to join them.
He didn't have any knowledge of divination, but it clearly had some correlation to time. And from his previous meditations, he was already aware of how closely interlinked space and time were.
The disciple examinations were open to anyone below the age of 60, which was still relatively young, especially in a world like this one. With the large number of 4th class beings in the world, meeting people whose age surpassed 1000 wasn't too uncommon.
The sect was still a few days of travel away, so after he gained this knowledge, he immediately set out.
'I can't miss this chance to get free housing…cough…I mean to expand my horizons.'



Chapter 121 Disciple Examination 1
Built into the side of a magnificent mountain, there was a large city that could house tens of thousands of people.
Its infrastructure was filled with pagodas of varying heights, all following a color scheme of blue and black.
Within the city, various people wearing matching clothing were going about their days, some leaving to adventure the lands of the Cloud Plane and some choosing to stay in their homes and cultivate.
The city was just the base, though. Along the slope of the mountain leading all the way to its peak, there were lines of various facilities and houses, each of these belonging to one or many of the people in the city below.
And at the peak of the mountain, there was a magisterial castle made of glossy black material. From its color scheme, one would expect it to look dreary or haunted, but it didn't fit this vibe at all. Instead, it was mystical, invoking a sense of wonder in all those who laid eyes upon it.
The entire mountain was seemingly cut in half by a large looming wall that was patrolled by these similar black-robed people. And outside of this wall, thousands of cultivators stood in wait.
This was the grand scene of the Celestial Star Sect. Its entire presence, even the mountain it inhabited, was ethereal. It gave onlookers the feeling of vast space and profundity.
When Damien arrived at the sect, he was astonished by its grandiosity. Even compared to the most lavish areas of Apeiron, it was still far greater. The mountain itself was only slightly smaller than the Godspark mountain Damien had visited in the secret realm.
'Even for one of the peak organizations in the entire world, isn't this too grand?'
Currently, Zara had returned to his shadow and Damien was waiting amongst the anticipant crowd. Their excitement could be felt in the air as even the mana buzzed due to the congregation of intense emotions.
2 days had already passed while Damien traveled to the sect, and he had only arrived a few hours prior, but it seemed he wasn't the last. Even as he waited patiently, hundreds of cultivators arrived in various manners.
"This year's examination is going to be exciting." One of the guards said to his friend.
"Indeed, many geniuses from the large clans have shown up this time. Did you see the Earth Dragon that the Long Clan's young master arrived on?"
"I did! That was Long Chen, rumored to be one of the greatest geniuses the Long Clan ever produced! But why would he come here instead of the Jade Heavenly Palace?"
"It's not just him, though. Bai Ren from the Bai clan and even Shi Ling and Shi Meng, the wonder twins of the Shi Clan are here!"
"This must be a truly fortuitous year for our Celestial Star Palace for so many geniuses to flock to us! Maybe we can finally take the spot of Top Sect from the Jade Heavenly Palace!"
 "Well, let's not count our chickens before they hatch. You never know what twists fate will bring to those who look down on it." 
"You're right senior brother, I apologize for misspeaking."
Damien listened to their conversation with interest. 'Looks like there'll be plenty of competition for me within the sect.'
If there was one thing Damien feared about entering the sect, it was a lack of action. The entire reason he decided to travel to this new world was for excitement and adventure, so he'd be severely disappointed if he didn't receive it.
Especially from that last interaction with Wang Ming, his hopes had been dashed. Even if it wasn't true conflict, he at least wanted some challenge.
'Maybe I can even find a proper rival in this world.'
The thought brought back the memory of his friend from Apeiron, but he shook it off. Even if Ethan had the appropriate talent, Apeiron itself wasn't a proper place to groom him. Maybe if he explored the vast universe, Ethan would be able to keep up.
That thought got Damien wondering. 'Why is it that we didn't encounter other travelers in our 7-month journey to the Cloud Plane?'
It was odd to him for there to be no one capable of traversing space. Or rather, it was downright impossible. Even if they couldn't freely walk through space with their bare bodies like him, there had to be many worlds that were technologically advanced enough to pull off similar feats.
'No, the Cloud Plane has the ability to do it, so there are definitely other worlds that can too.'
The Cloud Plane wasn't even a scientifically-driven society, and if they could discover space travel using flying treasures, others could too.
"Welcome, young cultivators, to the Celestial Star Palace disciple examination!"
A booming voice interrupted Damien's train of thought. Looking up, he saw a middle-aged man floating above the towering walls.
"My name is Mu Chen, but you can call me Elder Mu. I will be explaining your examination today!"
The entire crowd, which now consisted of many thousands of people, stood silently, watching Mu Chen with rapt attention. Satisfied with their response, he continued.
"As you all know, our Celestial Star Palace is a large power, but that doesn't mean we simply accept everyone! Today, you will showcase your talent, your strength, and your wit to earn a spot among our ranks!
"Just like always, we will only be accepting 1000 new disciples, so be aware of how competitive this exam will be! And for your own safety, be aware that there are some dangers you may face. If you aren't careful, you may be seriously injured or even lose your life!
"This is the nature of the cultivation world! Strength is king. You speak with your fists! The winner is right and the loser must wallow in self-loathing! If any of you is afraid of this, you may leave now!"
Mu Chen's voice boomed through the surroundings. However, even after hearing his words, nobody turned away. Nothing he said was new to them, in fact, it was the rules they abided by every day.
For Damien, these words resounded in the very core of his being. It reminded him of his days in the dungeon. That was the most primal version of the law of the jungle.
'Strength is king.'
This phrase alone made his blood boil in excitement. His beast side wanted to run rampant, inspired by the majestic intent of Mu Chen's words. If Damien had his way, he would roar to the heavens right now to exert his will.
But he held himself back. Now wasn't the time to make a scene. He simply stood with the rest, the excited glint in his eyes never fading.
In fact, even the aura he radiated changed slightly, becoming more unruly. The people crowded around him were forced to slightly make space, and the attention of many geniuses snapped to him for a brief second.
Gazing upon the crowd, Mu Chen smiled. "Good! You all have the spirit of true cultivators. Without danger, there can be no reward! Now, let me explain the many parts of the examination you will partake in today!"



Chapter 122 Disciple Examination 2
"The disciple examination will be split into 3 parts!" Mu Chen said, continuing his previous speech.
"The first part will be a simple talent test. You will learn the specifics after you enter the specified area. The second part will test your comprehension ability. As for the last part, well you'll just have to find out if you reach that far."
When he spoke the last sentence, Mu Chen had a devious grin on his face that created an ominous feeling in the hearts of the young cultivators before him.
"Before anything else, take these tokens. They will be used as your identifiers during the exam."
It wasn't even a long process. Mu Chen simply threw a large mass of tokens into the air like candy, and seemingly without intervention, they landed in the hands of each participant.
Damien looked at his number, which was 3416. 'Maybe it judges based on the order we arrived?'
"Remember, this examination isn't simply to gain entry into the sect, but much more than that! If you are lucky enough, you may receive the favor of a sect elder and become their disciple!"
Upon hearing this, the crowd broke out into hushed conversation.
"We will actually become disciples of the elders?!"
"The pressure to do well just increased by tenfold!"
Damien looked around in slight confusion. Was being an elder's disciple that important? But he quickly berated himself for thinking such stupid things.
The help he had gained from Malcolm after taking him as his teacher was immense to the point where it was almost unquantifiable. His lightning element had been supremely improved and he had gained insights into mana circuits.
Without the Ananta System that was currently infused into his body, Damien didn't think he'd be so well off in his cultivation path. Not only did it boost his mana regeneration rate and reaction speed, but it also multiplied his output enough to give him his current edge.
It could be said to be half the reason he was still able to fight above his rank to such a degree even after becoming 3rd class. After all, the levels in this class were much wider apart than those in the previous classes.
"Alright!" Mu Chen said. "Now that I've given you this explanation, it's time to begin the test! Let me say in advance, I wish prosperity among those of you that will become new outer disciples of our grand sect!"
Right after his words fell, Mu Chen waved his hand, creating a large portal in front of the wall he was standing on.
"Enter through this portal and you shall be taken to the testing grounds! May fate shine upon you all!"
The crowd of cultivators immediately rushed towards the gate, many of them wanting to be the first to get through. They didn't know if this was also a test for them.
However, those true geniuses within their ranks waited patiently and walked calmly to the portal. They had no rush to prove themselves, as they had an inborn pride in their own achievements.
Damien was among these geniuses. He simply walked forward as he admired the structure of the portal in front of him.
'Not just the structure, but the stability and functionality are leagues above what I can do.'
Damien had the eyes of someone trained in space element. He could clearly see the oceans of spatial layers that made up the world. He could also see the way they were distorted by the portal.
'There are so many pathways leading from this single portal.'
Just this single portal could lead to tens of different locations. Damien had no idea how it was done. He could only connect two points in space, and even in this regard, he was limited. Portals weren't something he was too familiar with, as he had only used them for world travel.
'Maybe I wasn't giving this sect enough credit before.'
He couldn't be blamed though. Judging on reputation alone wasn't something anyone would do, even if they used it as reference for their evaluation. Damien wasn't aware of the Celestial Star Palace's feats or achievements, so he was subconsciously looking down on them.
'Well, it's to be expected from a sect lead by tens or even more 4th class beings.'
As he wrapped up his thoughts, Damien stepped through the massive portal in front of him.
When his vision was returned to him, Damien found himself in a slightly expansive room filled with other competitors. However, the number was vastly reduced. Out of the thousands that he saw in front of the gate, only around 500 were here with him.
The scenery of the room was simple, yet confusing. There was a large lake filled with silver liquid, it's surface reflective and depth unknown. At end of the lake, there was a small island with a stone obelisk on it.
After the entrance of a few more people, the portal to the room closed and a young woman appeared before them.
"Alright. Now that everyone's here, we can begin. This is the talent test, and it is relatively simple. All you have to do is walk across this lake as far as you can. Anyone who can take more than 45 steps will pass this portion of the exam."
The participants looked doubtful but didn't raise their voices. Every time the Celestial Star Palace held its disciple examinations, no word was leaked about the process. Even those who failed the exam would never speak about how they were tested.
"Number 2500, come forth!"
Out of the crowd, a young woman stepped forward. She stood at the edge of the lake with nervousness clearly written on her face.
"I just have to step in here and walk?" She questioned.
"Yes, just walk forward until you can't anymore."
Hearing the confirmation, the young woman stepped into the lake. The water only reached her ankle and she didn't feel any change, so she continued forward.
5 steps…15 steps…25 steps
She was halfway through the passing requirement, and the young woman could already feel the purpose of this test.
 With every step she took, a minute amount of pressure bore down on her. And with each step further, the pressure would multiply. Now that she was at the 26th step, she felt like there was a large boulder placed on her back.
35 steps…40 steps…44 steps
She only had one step left until she passed, but she felt immense difficulty in taking it. With the pressure continuing to multiply, the previous boulder had been transformed into a small hill.
However, with much difficulty, she managed to take the last step.
Boom!
The water in the lake pulsated due to her momentum, but it wasn't totally moved. With sweat covering her entire body, the young woman turned back and returned to the shore.
"Good job. You may proceed to the next section." The lady in charge said.
Another portal opened up in front of the young woman before she passed through it with a smile on her face.
Disregarding this, the lady continued with the exam for the next few hours. Many people ended up passing, with some even going a few steps further than the goal, but the results were always the same.
Before the 50th step, they'd always be forced to retreat. With the hours passing, the number of people left in the room dwindled, and Damien's turn was fast approaching.
But before him, there was another genius who had to go. Unlike the others who simply had their number called, this person was called by name.
"Long Chen, please step forward."



Chapter 123 Disciple Examination 3
The man who stepped forward had flowing black shoulder-length hair and eyes that looked like a deep abyss. The second he made his presence known, the attention of everyone in the room shifted to him.
It wasn't just his looks, but his natural aura was noble and heroic, commanding respect from those who gazed upon him. Looking at this man, Damien only felt one thing.
'Strong.'
It wasn't the same indomitable strength he had felt from those far above him, but a strength that matched his own even though they were at the same level.
This was a genuine achievement, as there weren't many who could keep up with him. Those he usually fought on equal standing were far above him in terms of level.
When Long Chen was called forward, he didn't hesitate like the rest. Instead, he calmly and indifferently entered the lake and took his first steps.
10 steps…30 steps…50 steps
Even at the distance that limited everyone that came before him, Long Chen showed no signs of struggle. He kept walking with purpose.
60 steps…70 steps…75 steps
It was only when he reached three-quarters of the way to the small island at the end of the lake that Long Chen slowed down. Although his facial expression didn't change much, the beads of sweat that began trickling down his body showed his struggle.
78 steps…80 steps
Seeing him continue, various chatter broke out in the crowd.
"As expected of the scion of the Long Clan. None can compare with his talents."
"Indeed, it's our bad luck to be put in the same testing room as him."
Damien's gaze was intense, to say the least. As Long Chen continued, he slowly released his aura to empower himself. The threat Damien felt was similar to what he felt from Ethan back during the Nexus Event.
'This guy…I want to fight him.'
85 steps…89 steps
Upon reaching the 90th step, Long Chen finally met his limit. It was clear that no matter how hard he tried, he wouldn't be able to continue. But Long Chen wasn't the type of person to simply give up.
"Haaah!"
With a loud cry, he released all his strength. The pressure that bore down on him had increased to the point where his skin began to crack, leaking blood into the pristine silver pool.
"Break for me!"
With a loud bang, Long Chen stomped his foot back into the pool, successfully breaching the 90th step.
"Haa…haa…"
The entire room was silent, the only sound being Long Chen's rough breathing. And then, he turned around and walked back to the shore with a valiant look on his face.
His firm expression even while covered in his own blood had its own appeal, making many of the women in the room swoon at the sight. However, Long Chen took no notice of this. Instead, his eyes were focused on a single spot.
He sensed it. The concealed aura of a predator that had been locked onto him since he began his climb. At that time, he was too busy with the pressure to check who it was, but now he saw it clearly.
At the back of the crowd, standing inconspicuously, he saw a man he had never seen before. The man's features looked foreign, unlike those he usually interacted with, but Long Chen didn't care.
What he focused on was the feeling he was getting from that man. 'He's strong.'
He left the Long Clan in search of experience. He was someone who valued cultivation above all else. And seeing someone blatantly provoking him, even if it was only evident to the two of them, made his blood boil.
'I want to fight him.'
"Long Chen, you may now proceed to the next section of the test." The examiner said.
However, Long Chen shook his head. "I will stay. There's something I need to see."
His gaze stayed on the man in the back. Damien had been returning that gaze this entire time, and seeing that Long Chen wanted to compete, he would gladly oblige.
Grinning provocatively, Damien walked to the front of the crowd. "I'll be going next."
His move was immediately met with criticism, the crowd being naturally unhappy that some no-name cut the line, but their dissent was never even considered by the involved parties.
"Right, he's going next." Long Chen said to the examiner, who nodded her head. It didn't matter to her which order they went in, as long as they all did as they were supposed to.
"What's your badge number?" She asked. This was the only information she needed.
"3416."
Receiving a nod from the examiner, Damien didn't waste any more time. He directly entered the lake and began walking.
Just like Long Chen, Damien continued unimpeded through the entire walk. The 50th step that barred the path of many was nothing but a joke to him.
The pressure that bore down on his body was great, but after all the pain he had gone through, it didn't even make him bat an eye.
70th step…80th step…90th step
Without suspense, Damien reached the same position where Long Chen had previously stopped. At this point, he finally felt the pressure was becoming great.
It felt like he was carrying a small mountain on his back, but he felt he could do more. No. He had to do more.
When he took the 91st step, everything changed. The mountainous pressure on his back increased exponentially, forcing his knees to bend slightly, but he didn't stop.
"Who is this guy?"
"I don't know, he's not from any major family right?"
"Young master Long seemed to acknowledge him, maybe they know each other?"
The crowd had long dropped their dissatisfaction and was now fervently discussing the scene in front of them. Meanwhile, Long Chen's gaze was heavy.
'Not only has he surpassed me, but he's done it with ease.'
But he wasn't envious. It wasn't in his character to feel such vile emotions. Instead. His fighting spirit was burning.
For too long was he fostered like some sort of holy son, for too long he could never find someone he could match. He didn't feel envy, no, it was the complete opposite.
Even the examiner was watching with rapt attention. For someone like Long Chen, she had no expectations, as his talent was widely known.
If he did anything lower than the results he got, she would have been disappointed. Rather, seeing someone unknown overshadow the scion of a large clan? That was something she had to see.
Taking out a communication jade slip, the examiner slowly spoke.
"Sect Master, you have to see what's happening here."
As all this was going on, Damien continued his walk. Each step multiplied the pressure on his back exponentially, so these last 10 steps were harder than the previous 90 combined.
Still, he persevered. When he reached the 95th step, his skin robes were slowly torn to shreds due to the pressure. With his muscular body revealed, his skin also began to crack.
96th…97th…98th
The blood that leaked from his body began to dye the lake red, but he continued. His body regenerated as fast as it broke down, so he felt no threat to his life.
'Almost there.'
From the 90th step, Damien had been using his mana to support him, but now it was gushing out like a waterfall. The amethyst aura around him slowly began to turn red as he continued without pause.
 99th step…
His aura flared and he let out a massive roar, shaking the pristine surface of the lake. With a final push, he stumbled forward onto the island in front of him.
The 100th step.



Chapter 124 Comprehension 1
Within the large palace that adorned the peak of the mountain on which the Celestial Star Palace resided, a meeting was being held.
"Sect Master, is it true that this year will be fortuitous for our palace?"
"That's right, the prediction simply seems too grand to be entirely true."
At the head of the table sat a woman with unparalleled grace that contrasted the indifference in her expression. Simply the natural aura radiating from her body could command the attention of anyone in her vicinity.
"It's true." The woman said. "Not only did the divination speak of fortune for our sect, but it also spoke of calamity. Not just for us, but the entire world.
"However, the latter half of the prediction isn't set for the near future, so we only need to focus on the former."
The gathered elders knew the accuracy of their Sect Master's divinations. They had personally bore witness to previous divinations come to fruition time and time again.
"We sincerely apologize, Sect Master. None of us dare doubt your divinations or ability, it is just a bit hard to process." One of the elders said.
"Well, we have no reason to doubt the prediction, however, what makes this year so different?"
"Hahaha!" Suddenly a laugh resounded through the area. When everyone turned their attention to the source, they saw an inconspicuous white-bearded old man. However, none of them dared to speak against him.
"Isn't that the reason we're watching the disciple examination this year?" Commented the old man. "Let us be patient and find out with time."
The attention of all those present subsequently shifted to the large screens that decorated the hall. On these screens were thousands of young cultivators currently taking the talent test.
"The amount of geniuses present in this year's examination is already high, and some are even like that Long boy whose talent is one of the highest in the continent."
At that moment, the Sect Master felt a vibration within her spatial ring. Taking out a jade slip, she injected her mana only to hear a frantic message.
"Sect Master, you need to see this!"
It wasn't hard for her to locate the source of the call, and when she did, she was forced to pay attention. Not only her but the rest of the elders who heard the message as well.
On the screen in front of them, they saw an unknown young man powering his way through the final steps of the talent test.
"Impossible!" One of the elders shouted as he stood up in shock.
 "Is he going to reach the obelisk?!"
"There's no way, that kind of talent wouldn't remain unknown for so long."
"You're right, but he keeps pushing forward without pause!"
While the other elders discussed the scene, the old man and the Sect Master silently looked at each other, interest evident in their eyes.
As they watched, Damien made his way through the final steps and pushed himself onto the small island at the end of the lake.
"Hoh?" The old man said with a raised brow. "I think this boy might be worth paying attention to."
***
Meanwhile, Damien was on his knees, roughly catching his breath while his body recovered from the injuries he had accumulated during his final push. Although they weren't deep, they were numerous.
As he stood up to return to the shore, Damien felt a slight pull from behind him. Turning, he saw the small obelisk at the center of the island letting off a slight glow.
However, he didn't immediately walk toward it. He remembered the last time he randomly touched an obelisk, and he didn't want to relive that kind of experience.
But the obelisk didn't seem to give him a choice. From its center, a beam of black energy coagulated before shooting forward. The whole process was so sudden that he had no means to react.
Without any intervention, the energy entered his body and disappeared. There was no flashy scene or great change, in fact, he couldn't even feel the energy's existence anymore.
The beam was small enough to draw no attention from the others in the room, so he didn't cause any major reaction apart from him completing the walk across the lake. Calming his nerves, he slowly walked back to shore.
The pressure seemed to only work one way, so his walk back was leisurely. He spent the time thinking about the black light that he saw, but he couldn't come to a conclusion.
'I'll just figure it out later.'
On the other hand, Long Chen's gaze was practically drilling holes into Damien. He could accept the fact that Damien beat him, but for the difference to be this large, he was slightly indignant.
'I have to train harder.'
He wasn't the type of person to have prejudice against those without massive backgrounds like him, but it was different with Damien.
A genius of his caliber should be known, but for him to come out of the woodwork here and now without any prior achievement and crush Long Chen's score, was a blow to his pride.
But he was still a cultivation fanatic. He made no plans or schemes to bring Damien down, instead, he decided to see if Damien was a new goal for him to surpass. Simply having the talent didn't qualify him as such, so a battle between them was necessary.
And he could feel the same fighting spirit from Damien. He could feel Damien's will to be challenged and pressured to grow simply from his aura and demeanor alone.
If Long Chen was forced to state what his feeling toward Damien was after this first meeting, it'd be mainly admiration.
With Damien's test done, there was no need for him to stay within the room anymore. And so, without delay, he entered the portal to the second exam.
'What an interesting guy.' Damien thought as he reached the shore. Ignoring the stares of everyone present, he followed Long Chen into the portal.
***
What entered Damien's view was an isolated space. Rather than a large room like last time, he found himself alone in darkness. While it felt like it expanded to infinity, it also gave off the feeling of a small enclosure.
Since he was aware he was still within the disciple examination, Damien calmly walked forward to explore the room, but after only a few steps, he was forced to halt his movements.
The space in front of him twisted and melded together before becoming a jumbled mess of things he couldn't understand.
Words in ancient languages he couldn't read floated through the air, and various images flashed by and disappeared in an instant. The entire thing seemed random but planned at the same time.
The entire room was filled with contradictions, confusing Damien's senses, but his eyes were focused on the floating words in front of him.
There was something profound about it, but he couldn't quite make out what. At some point, without his conscious thought, he had sat down on the floor and slipped into a meditative state.
As he focused on the scene in front of him, three large blocky words appeared in his field of view.
"Wall of Comprehension."



Chapter 125 Comprehension 2
"Wall of Comprehension."
Although there were only three words in front of him, the intent behind them was vast. Sitting in front of these words, Damien was immediately made aware of what he needed to do during this portion of the exam.
'The wall of comprehension contains countless martial skills dating back centuries or even millennia. As for what skill you will comprehend from it, that is decided by fate. In 3 days' time, if you have not succeeded in comprehending 25% of the martial skill, you fail.'
The test seemed too simple at a glance, but he knew there had to be some twist to it. Still, he never doubted his comprehension ability, counting it as one of his strongest points. So Damien continued to stare at the words in hope of gleaning something from them.
He was also curious about what a martial skill was exactly, as he had only heard about cultivation techniques, but there was no point in pondering about it. He'd find out soon.
After he understood the underlying intent
behind the three words before him, they once again scattered into the sea of characters. Sometimes these characters would come together as if forming something greater, but the second he focused on them, they'd once again scatter.
It was like the skills in the wall were purposefully evading him. But Damien had just arrived at the wall, so he wasn't too concerned. With a relaxed attitude, he let himself sink into his meditative state as he stared daggers at the flowing wall.
It only felt like minutes to him, but several hours had passed since Damien began meditation. Yet, he wasn't able to see anything of value.
'Wait…if there are thousands of years' worth of knowledge here, how is it supposed to just randomly give me a skill that'll reflect my prowess?'
He found the entire concept illogical. If he just sat there and stared at the wall, there was no way it could do anything. It was an inanimate object. Continuing down this line of reasoning, he made another assumption.
'I have to pick the branch of skill I want to learn?' Whether it was a skill for his spatial element, his lightning, or his martial arts, each was a different category. It wasn't an easy decision, though. He had to consciously understand his strengths and weaknesses and figure out what he needed to improve.
Yet, being unbiased in such a situation was difficult for anyone. After some serious thought, he understood what he had to do.
'The thing I haven't focused on much is my sword. Although I've been developing my sword art, all of those moves are centered around the space element. My raw sword aura hasn't been polished at all.'
In fact, he had almost completely forgotten about sword aura. It was something that helped him immensely within the dungeon once he had begun grasping it, but once he reached the peak of sword mastery he didn't put any more attention into it.
'It's too conceited to say I've gotten to the peak of the sword path. I've probably barely scratched the surface.'
Just because the skill was max level didn't mean his attainments matched it. He had to refine his sword style more, or it would simply become a tool to display his spatial prowess.
'I want to be like those sword cultivators in the manhwa I read. Those guys could slash planets in half with a single swing.'
Imagining such a scene made Damien's heart race in anticipation. It might've been a bit childish to think that way, but he didn't care.
Slowly but surely, he released his pure sword aura out of his body. Being something that hadn't improved since his dungeon days, this aura was different from most other powers he possessed.
It hadn't been refined yet, and it hadn't been domesticated. It was an embodiment of the Damien who only knew the inside of a dungeon.
The aura was colorless, but its undulation could still be seen and felt. If someone were to drop a sheet of paper within a 5-meter radius of Damien, it'd get shredded to dust in an instant.
The sword aura surrounding his body was wild, untamed, and uninhibited by such concepts as morality. Its sole drive was to kill, it's only motivation was survival.
As he basked in this feeling once again, Damien felt reminiscent. Not traumatized or sad about the past, but reminiscent of his days in the dungeon. It wasn't so obvious externally, as even Damien had subconsciously avoided noticing the fact, but he was still broken.
He never truly took the time to heal from the dungeon, and it was unknown whether he ever would. Something had snapped within him during those years, a core part of his being was convoluted.
Even as he bathed in his own sword aura, momentarily forgetting about the test in front of him, he avoided realizing this fact.
On the wall of characters in front of him, many pieces began clicking together like a puzzle, as if reacting to the aura that had been released upon them. Characters connected to form words, and lines of text layered to become a paragraph.
But this paragraph didn't last long. The myriad ways outlined in the paragraph condensed upon themselves to create another set of words that contained boundless intent.
There were no more floating characters and no more flashes of scenery. In the empty void, there were only two things. One was Damien, and the other was the text facing him.
When Damien opened his eyes once more, he was enraptured by the scene.
"Void Heart Sword Law."
The second the words left his mouth, Damien felt his entire world fade to black.
***
Back within the palace, another commotion was taking place.
 "The young master of the Long Clan was chosen by 9 Dragons Roaring through the Heavens!"
"Yes! That technique belonged to an ancient dragon that once graced our sect, considering the Long clan's connection to the dragons, it isn't surprising that he would receive such a skill!"
"Bai Ren has also received a powerful skill! I heard she is practiced in Sound law!"
"Both the Shi clan twins managed to receive the same skill! How is such a thing possible?! I thought the wall's effects were unique based on the individual!"
"What about that boy from earlier?" An elder suddenly asked.
"Ah, he just got some random unknown technique. Sadly, his comprehension must not measure up to his talent." Another elder responded.
However, the old man from before had a completely different outlook. He had been watching Damien the entire time, and he saw the whole process that led to him receiving his technique.
'The Void Heart Sword Law. Such a skill should have never showed up here.' He thought to himself.
That specific sword law had a harrowing past in the Cloud Plane, but very few were aware of it. The historians had done everything they could to rid the world of its existence.
'Yet, it still showed up for that boy. His future…'
The old man didn't continue his thoughts, but he knew the fate of most who had previously practiced the sword law. With a hardened face that hid endless sorrow behind it, the old man made a decision.
'Never again. I must take him under my wing and ensure that such a tragedy is never repeated.'



Chapter 126 Comprehension 3
Meanwhile, within the darkness, Damien was seated motionless, his eyes closed. All his senses were shut off from the outside world as his mind was transported elsewhere.
When he opened his eyes, Damien was still within darkness, but something felt different about it. The darkness of the trial room was just that, dark. However, this darkness was much more abyssal.
Damien didn't move. He had no idea where he was, and his mind was still focused on the sensation he got from the words earlier. Even within this abyssal space, he concentrated on comprehending those words.
'Void Heart Sword Law'
He didn't know what it meant, but its name was overbearing enough to leave a great first impression. He did his best to delve into the mysteries of this sword law, but every insight he had was fleeting.
The original sensation he received was disappearing quickly. When he tried to remember the feeling he got from those words, it'd only vanish faster. Before long, he could barely remember it at all.
"You aren't doing it right."
A cold voice echoed through the void. No matter how Damien attempted to locate its source, it was futile.
"Don't waste your time trying to find me. I ceased to exist long ago." The voice once again spoke. Despite the fact that it was talking about its own death, the voice remained emotionless.
"Then, what am I doing wrong?" Damien responded.
"Everything."
The casualness of the voice's response irked him, but he said nothing.
"When you hear the words Void Heart Sword Law, what do you think of?" The voice questioned.
Damien thought for a moment. The name of the skill was unique, as it could be interpreted in many ways. The inflection of each word should clue him in on how to correctly interpret it, but the voice was so stoic and emotionless that such inflections were neglected.
 'Void Heart Sword Law. What does it mean?' 
From a first glance, he could only understand that it was a sword move, which was what he had already expected after releasing his sword aura. Still, he didn't think that's what the voice was referring to.
"You really are an idiot." The voice continued. "Do not focus on the sword yet, for you have not even met the basic requirements to learn it."
'Do not focus on the sword.' Damien didn't quite understand what it meant, so he took it at face value. 'Void Heart. What is void heart?'
Damien had plenty of connections to the word 'void'. Not to mention his last name, even the physique that kept him alive at his weakest point was named void. But even with this, he didn't know much about the concept.
'I have my space element, but space doesn't seem to be the same thing as void.'
To Damien, space was an all-encompassing concept. Everything existed within space and space existed within everything. Void, however…
'The void is all-consuming.'
It was either a part of space or space was a part of it, but Damien felt that their purpose was completely different. When he imagined the void, he imagined emptiness or a black hole that swallowed everything.
'If I put that concept with the word heart, does the meaning change?'
Heart wasn't as elusive as void, at least not in Damien's mind. It was either a biological aspect or an emotional one. And judging simply on instinct, Damien felt it was the latter.
'All-consuming and emotions. If I put those two together…'
There was a major clue in front of him the entire time, and when he got to this point in his thinking, he finally realized it.
'Emotionless.'
"That's correct." The voice said. "Void Heart is emotionless, but that is simply the surface. A true void heart is free of anything. Desire, ambition, emotion, attachment, morality. It all becomes irrelevant in front of a truly void heart."
The concept was terrifying. Someone who cared for nothing, someone who had nothing to lose, that was the scariest kind of opponent. That kind of person could do anything to achieve their goals, using even their own body as a tool.
"The Void Heart Sword Law is an embodiment of this concept. Your sword will be swung without hesitance. Free and unfettered from all restrictions. For you to arrive here means you have shown compatibility with this ideal."
Was he compatible though? Damien didn't think so. He had plenty of attachments and things he cared about that he couldn't just sacrifice.
'But this sword law could be a game-changer in battle.'
If he could shut out any distractions and focus solely on what needed to be done…
The benefits were unimaginable. Plus, something was steering him towards accepting.
"And how do I free myself of emotion?" He asked.
"I am not here to mentor you. Figure it out yourself. However, I shall show you what it means to practice this art."
The void was lit as the surroundings changed. Suddenly, Damien found himself on an expansive battlefield.
On one side, a massive army adorned in all black, and on the other, an even larger army adorned in white. At first glance, they seemed like opposing forces.
Yet, this wasn't the case. As he observed, Damien noticed that both armies were working in tandem against a third party.
'A single person?!'
At the forefront of the battlefield stood a single man. His long black hair cascaded down his back like a midnight waterfall and his eyes were like a deep abyss that could steal one's soul.
His body wasn't large, but it was clear he had experienced his own share of battles. The man held a single sword in his hand as he faced both armies.
The man raised his sword and swung. Without warning, thousands of black lines appeared on the battlefield, intersecting with each other countless times to create intricate patterns. As quickly as they came, they disappeared. But the effect they had was catastrophic.
Anyone caught within those black lines was shredded to pieces, thinly sliced chunks of their bodies thumping onto the ground. Just like that, thousands of soldiers died.
"Why must you do this to us?!"
"We have wives, children, people we love! Why must you force us into death?!"
The armies couldn't take it anymore. A similar scene had played out before them countless times, but they were never able to stop it. They pleaded and begged, hoping to be spared, but the man paid it no mind.
"You were in my way." It was his only response to their cries before he slashed out once more.
The scene soon faded and Damien arrived back in the void, reflecting on what he had just seen.
It was true ruthlessness. Uncaring about circumstance and uncaring about consequence.
Although he was frightened at the prospect, it also somewhat excited him. That scene…there was something familiar about it.
He thought back to a certain scene he had once witnessed. A man standing before an army, simply raising his hand to cause a mass slaughter.
That was the level of power he wished to achieve. And this Void Heart Sword Law could give him that power. After many minutes of silence, Damien finally spoke.
"This sword law, I want it."



Chapter 127 Comprehension 4
2 days had passed since Damien witnessed the benefits of the Void Heart Sword Law. For the past two days, he had done nothing but sit in a meditative position with his eyes closed.
After expressing his desire to practice the sword law, he was sent back to his real body from the void space he was transported to. The emotionless voice he had heard said nothing else to him.
But it wasn't without benefit. When his mind returned to his body, he could feel an immense wave of information imprinting itself onto his consciousness.
The Void Heart Sword Law actually wasn't very difficult to learn in theory. The main caveat of the art was the user's capability at emptying their mind of all emotion. Without passing this first step, it was impossible to practice the art.
And even in these past 2 days, Damien wasn't able to complete this step.
'The first phase of the Void Heart Sword Law is called Mind Prison. The description seems easy enough, but damn is it hard to actually do.'
Mind Prison wasn't an attack at all. Instead, it was a method to cage the user's emotions so they could effectively perform their art.
Mana, in most definitions, was considered a form of energy. It could power technology, cleanse the air, and allow beings in contact with it to perform mystical feats. Yet, not everyone believes energy was enough to term mana.
It was something that could do anything. It was theorized that even true creation, creating something out of nothing, or even revival could be made possible through mana. And mere energy shouldn't be capable of such feats.
Instead, some people theorized that mana was something akin to the fabric of the universe. It was something that created reality itself. And if that was the case, then mana could be used in a much larger variety of ways.
Mind Prison was a concept that capitalized on this theory, and in some sense, proved its truth. Thoughts, emotions, ambition, all of these things were conceptual. There was no way to give them true form, even when taking into account the chemical responses of the brain.
However, Mind Prison was designed to do exactly that. It used mana as a base to cage those illusory concepts like emotions into a specific area, contained until they were released once more by the user.
However, the method to create a mind prison was never mentioned in the information implanted within Damien's mind. According to it, each individual had different aspirations and created different mind prisons to cater to their goals.
Damien couldn't even begin to understand how to cage emotions, as that didn't make any sense to him. So instead, he focused on designing a structure for his mind prison.
At first, he tried to structure it like a jail cell, something he'd actually seen before, but that didn't work well at all. The things he was trying to contain didn't have physical form, so bars weren't ideal.
Next, he tried something similar to a white room. It was a completely solid box with no defining features. If a human was forced to live within such a construct for a prolonged period of time, they'd go insane with 100% certainty.
However, there was a problem with this structure as well. He found that if he used this white room, he'd have a hard time releasing his emotions once again, regaining his full self.
 Damien's view of the Void Heart concept was like he was splitting himself in two. On one side was his rational mind, and the other was his emotional one. He didn't know what state he would be in once the two separated, and he didn't want to take any risks.
What if his rational mind refused to release his emotions? What if his emotions, trapped within the white room, become chaotic and self-destructive? He didn't want to take any chances.
He needed to make sure there was a way for both exit and entry from both sides. He viewed both sides of him once he activated the mind prison as conscious beings.
And so, Damien began experimenting with other shapes. On the second ah, he finally settled for something akin to a soccer ball. Connecting hexagonal panels that created a circular construct.
With this structure, he could effectively seal his emotions, leaving no clear exits for them to seep through without permission, yet he could install a backdoor for emergency situations.
He had learned long ago to be prepared for any situation, which is why he had rarely been surprised by the developments that took place since he left the dungeon.
With a structure in mind, Damien immediately wanted to get to work, but he was still clueless about where to start. Should he crystallize the mana and make a solid structure, or would it be more ethereal like mana circuits?
He was charging forward without knowledge, and although he was aware of its dangers, he didn't stop. He had gotten so used to simply bulldozing his way through obstacles that it became second nature to him.
Damien focused his awareness into his mind. He was trying to find something like a sea of consciousness that he could use to root the mind prison. But he only saw darkness. After searching tirelessly for what felt like days, he came to a realization.
'Wait, I'm seeing darkness?'
Logically speaking, he shouldn't be "seeing" anything. This was inside his mind, the only thing he had ever witnessed here was memories.
But the fact that he was seeing darkness…
'Could this be my sea of consciousness?'
Rather than that, it was more like a mind space. There wasn't anything established within it yet, but its existence couldn't be denied. Damien called forth his mana and led it to the location his awareness was currently at, and it actually appeared in front of him.
Staring at the shining amethyst energy before him, Damien smiled. 'I finally have a starting point.' Without delay, he started working. Since he had already thoroughly planned the structure beforehand, the actual creation process wasn't too difficult.
But the process itself was enlightening to Damien. He was using mana to create an ethereal construct inside a space he didn't know truly existed. The process made Damien aware of how versatile mana truly was.
Time passed in a flash as Damien continued this process. The single hexagonal panel he created at first multiplied a dozen-fold until it became 64 panels of equal size. Then, he carefully attached them together in a process similar to welding metals.
When the spherical prism finally took root, Damien could feel a specific feeling in his mind that he couldn't quite place. However, this feeling confirmed the existence of the Mind Prison he had just painstakingly created.
Just this was enough to make him want to leap with joy. Just because he was working without pause didn't mean he held no doubts about his methods. The entire time, he wondered whether all his hard work would collapse like an illusion once he wasn't concentrating on it.
But it was there, a fully formed construct that embodied his completion of the Void Heart Sword Law's first phase.



Chapter 128 Final Exam 1
Damien wanted to quickly move on to learning how to cage his emotions, but the opportunity was denied. His body was soon bathed in the warm sunlight as the darkness receded along with the wall of comprehension.
Looking around, Damien noticed that he was in the middle of a vast field surrounded by thousands of people who he assumed were the other cultivators taking the disciple examination.
Each of them was separated by around 10 meters of space, creating a semi-isolated area around them.
'This must've been the space that the last examination area took up.'
Within a few hours, the rest of the cultivators also woke up from their meditation and were made aware of their new location.
But Damien didn't feel any joy about the fact that the test was over. He felt that he most likely failed it since he had barely completed half the first phase of his new art. He was fully prepared to leave and try his luck at joining another sect.
"Young cultivators, welcome back from the 2nd exam," a familiar voice greeted. Looking up, they saw Mu Chen floating in the air above them.
"I understand that many of you are confused, so allow me to give a brief explanation. The Wall of Comprehension is a unique treasure, and the skills you were granted were done so by fate.
"Although not all of you have passed this test, you have all benefited from its contents. For this reason, I advise you not to share the process of our examination if you do not gain entry to our sect.
"You can try if you wish, but you should first question why news of the process has never been leaked to the outside."
Damien finally realized why the Celestial Star Palace was able to remain secretive. It wasn't simply due to respect but also fear and quick decision-making. Anyone who attempted to reveal their information was promptly dealt with.
As for how they were able to track anyone who did so? Damien could only shudder at his own wild assumptions.
"Now, if the area below you lights up red, you may leave back to your homes, but if it is green, stay in place as you have passed onto the final phase."
Damien looked down, fully expecting a red glow to emanate from the ground, but the result was the complete opposite. The lush grass below him shone in its own color, illuminating his square green.
'I passed?' He wondered. He felt that there was no way he comprehender 25% of the entire Void Heart Sword Law in such a brief period.
"Young man," an aged voice suddenly rang out in his head, "do not question the results. If you can succeed in this final segment, the answer shall be revealed to you."
For someone to send him a mana transmission that went undetected by those around him, they had to be extremely strong. So Damien simply nodded indiscreetly to show his affirmation before focusing his attention back on Mu Chen.
All around him, cultivators were showing different reactions to their squares. Those who passed were jubilant, some even crying tears of joy while those with stature like Long Chen stayed indifferent.
The reaction of those who failed was the complete opposite. Some simply left with downtrodden expressions, but others cried and begged, hoping to gain sympathy.
Others simply didn't accept the results and tried to revolt, but they were shut down without hesitance.
Anyone who overstayed their welcome was forcefully removed from the area, and although no deaths were incurred, plenty of injuries were handed out.
Although the scale was much smaller, their tragic scenes reminded him of what he saw in the vision about his sword law. Cries and pleas, unwillingness, and hope were all disregarded.
'That's right, this whole world revolves around such a principle. The Void Heart Sword Law is simply the peak of such a thought process.'
"To those of you who passed, welcome to the third phase. The rules of this phase are incredibly simple. All you have to do is survive for an entire week within the forest to your right.
"Anyone who doesn't arrive back at this area once the week ends will be disqualified or counted dead. Now, all of you may go forth, and may fate allow you to keep your lives."
Mu Chen immediately moved on to the next portion without sparing a glance at the failed cultivators. Hell, he didn't even pay attention to the states of those who passed.
While the others stood confused, Damien didn't hesitate to move. Without even doing a rough sweep of the forest, he charged in. Long Chen, who saw him move, quickly did the same, followed by the rest.
Only after entering the forest did Damien notice its strangeness. The towering trees and lush vegetation, although normal on the outside, contained too much life force to be simple.
Not only that, he could feel the aura of countless beasts roaming the area.
'Everything living here can be considered an enemy.'
 But Damien didn't care about any of it. 'I have a week of spare time I can use to finish the first phase of my sword law.'
He was still hung up on this. For some reason, he wasn't apprehensive at all about closing off his emotions. It wasn't even something new to him.
For Damien, he lived his whole life burying and suppressing his emotions. The few years he spent with Rose were the only ones where he let himself roam free. But that alone wasn't enough to change his personality.
He was still running from his problems. It was the reason he had separated from Rose and Elena in the first place, and it was most likely the reason why the concept of void heart appealed to him so much.
He hated the control his emotions could have over his life. While he loved the time he spent with Rose, Elena, Zara, and his mother, he felt that in other situations his emotions were usually a burden.
They were something he reserved only for people he cared about, and he wanted a way to make them exclusive to those people.
'Why should others be allowed to sway me?'
He didn't want to be swayed by beauty, he didn't want to be swayed by pity, and he didn't want to be swayed by trust. Trusting people wasn't something Damien was ever willing to do.
And while he was aware that running away from his emotions would never work as a long-term solution, he didn't care. He would rather call himself a hypocrite than solve his emotional problems.
In this case, he was the opposite of his usual self. For someone who charged unhesitatingly in the face of danger to avoid it like this was a sight to behold, but it wasn't funny in the slightest.
The trauma he developed on earth followed him everywhere. It haunted him even in his relationship, forcing its development to halt.
There was a reason he and Rose didn't act much different than they did in Apeiron when they were simply friends. It was entirely his fault.
'These emotions, I don't need them.'
Without his conscious effort, some ethereal concepts floating within the blackness of his mind-space migrated into his Mind Prison. And then…
Click!
It trapped them within.



Chapter 129 Final Exam 2
In the dense and eerie forest, a single man walked with relaxed yet calculated steps. His eyes were entirely emotionless as if everything around him was irrelevant.
Boom!
The man waved his hand, causing a large explosion to occur. A few meters to his left, a massive crater was formed. Its shape was perfectly round as if someone cleanly removed that portion of land.
And in fact, they had. The man kept walking forward and a few seconds later, a massive chunk of rock fell from the sky and crashed into the ground.
On that rock, there was a large plant, however, each of its petals was coated in razor-sharp blades that looked like a mouth. On landing, that creature was squashed into paste.
Feeling the experience enter his body, the man continued walking. He had no purpose besides to find life forms and kill them so he could level up.
'The goal is to survive, but such a thing is too simple.' The man thought. Merely surviving wouldn't cut it. He wanted to gain something beneficial out of this time.
However, he only cared about his goals. In order to gain experience at a faster rate, he made his way as far into the forest as possible. There was no rule about not harming other participants, and they were the closest source of exp in his vicinity, but he thought further.
'There will be problems in the future if I commit mass slaughter without cause.'
But it didn't mean he wouldn't do it. He just wouldn't go out of his way to do it, instead, he would kill anyone who was unfortunate enough to run into him.
As the man continued to walk, he suddenly felt movement to his right. Twisting his body at an unnatural angle, he dodged an incoming claw.
Behind him stood a massive panther, retreating after its attack failed.
"You made a grave mistake stepping into my territory, human." The panther hissed while releasing its full aura. The beast was clearly at 3rd class just like him, only it was somewhere in the mid-levels.
However, Damien said nothing in response. He waved his hand, retrieving a large shining sword from thin air. In the next second, he swung it down.
A massive sword wave was released when he struck, cleaving its way towards the panther. The ground rumbled as it was split in two, and even the air whistled as it was torn apart.
Sensing danger, the panther quickly dodged to his right. However, even this was of no use. Just the simple move made the panther feel lightheaded.
Wait…that wasn't right. He was a proper 3rd class beast, there was no way for him to get exhausted from such a small movement. Upon making this realization, the panther looked down at his own body.
To his shock and horror, there was a small hole within his chest, leading directly through his heart and out the other side of his body.
Looking up at the human standing across from him, he only saw the man's hand on his sword hilt as he stared on with those cold emotionless eyes. With this scene, its consciousness faded to black.
'Void Sword Art 2nd Step: Horizon Splitter'
The concept of distance became irrelevant with the use of this move. Without giving another glance at the beast, he continued walking.
'Next prey.'
***
Meanwhile, Long Chen was having a different experience from Damien.
"Long Chen, I dare you to move against us. Now that we're alone, I can finally take action against you." A black-haired young man said. From his facial structure alone, it was clear the two were related.
Looking at the crowd of people that had formed around him, Long Chen stayed calm. "Long Bai, you should be aware that you gain nothing from this. Even without me, you won't receive the successor position."
"Shut up!" Long Bai screeched. "With you out of my way, the rest are nothing but trash! Today is the day you meet your end."
Long Bai signaled with his arms, causing all 10 of the goons he had brought to charge as he watched from a distance.
"Young master, forgive us, but we are loyal to the Luo Branch!"
"Hmph." Long Chen snorter. "The Luo Branch is simply a bunch of trash wishing for death."
Reaching out in front of him, Long Chen withdrew his sword from his spatial ring. Unlike Damien's, it was a large broadsword. Its design was ornamental, its blade shining in the sunlight that peaked through the foliage.
The hilt was covered in golden designs on a white base. A long golden streak ran through the middle of the double-edged blade, whose length was around 2 meters long. With such a large sword, one would expect equivalent weight, however Long Chen wielded the massive blade with a single hand.
"Come, then. Allow me to show you the difference between us."
The surrounding cultivators also drew their weapons, simultaneously attacking Long Chen.
'Heavenly Cloud Steps.'
 A small white fog materialized beneath Long Chen's feet. Slightly pushing against the ground, he shot through the crowd of cultivators.
His movements were light as a feather, yet contained speed faster than the eye could see. He seemed to blend with the air with every step, randomly appearing in a different place.
His elusive movements alone were able to spread panic within the crowd. Soon enough, attacks were being thrown into empty space, none being able to touch his figure.
Fire pillars rose from the ground, shards of ice and spikes of earth charged toward him. With such a large crowd, it was impossible to use large-scale destructive attacks, so they were stuck using smaller ones. Still, the power contained within them was nothing to scoff at.
'Heh, the last time it was recorded, Long Chen was only at the peak of 2nd class. With this group of 2nd classes and my own strength, he has no chance.' Long Bai thought as he watched the battle.
Even seeing Long Chen's mind-numbing skill, he had no fear. He was confident that Long Chen's mana reserves would run dry soon. But as time passed, he felt an ominous feeling rise in his chest.
It had been half an hour, but Long Chen was still actively evading every attack thrown at him. Continuously using a powerful technique should have emptied his reserves already, but he wasn't even sweating.
Suddenly, Long Chen spoke.
"I'm getting bored already."
Making distance, he changed his stance into a more offensive one. "Try taking my moves then."
'9 dragons soar through the heavens!'
Grabbing his sword hilt with both hands, Long Chen swung it down with all his might. His muscles bulged at the pressure of his swing, becoming visible through his loose-fitting robes.
When the sword made impact against the ground, a massive earthquake erupted. The ground shook and cracked, segmenting into hundreds of different parts.
From the space below 9 of the cultivators in the group, fear-inducing roars could be heard. The earth exploded, letting forth 9 holy white dragon phantoms. Their jaws opened wide, clamping shut on the 9 victims before they continued soaring into the sky.
Long Chen quickly appeared behind the final cultivator and cleanly severed his head from his body. The last thing that cultivator saw was 9 dragons in the sky, opening their mouths to let out mighty roars into the heavens. And out of the mouths of those dragons, 9 lifeless bodies falling to the ground.
Paying no mind to the falling corpses that were soon to become meat paste, Long Chen turned to Long Bai, who was attempting to slowly back away, with a twisted smile on his face.



Chapter 130 Final Exam 3
"Did you think I, Long Chen, was some sort of easy target?" He said. Although his face stayed indifferent, the pride infused into his entire being was almost palpable.
"Did you think you could simply ambush me and succeed? You truly are a fool, Long Bai."
"D-don't come over here!" Long Bai stuttered with fear evident on his face. He wasn't the type to spend his time training, rather he would spend it scheming.
How he reached his current level with such a mindset was inconceivable to Long Chen, but he knew that Long Bai had no actual skill besides raw strength. After all, for a 3rd class to kill a 2nd class, raw power was usually enough.
But Long Bai had underestimated Long Chen. He didn't even spend time crosschecking his information to prove its truth. The second he saw that Long Chen was a 2nd class, he assumed it would be an easy feat to stomp on him.
But the current situation wasn't playing out how he expected. "You know who my father is! Do you really want the Grand Elders to turn on your Yun Branch?"
Long Chen paused briefly but continued walking as if his hesitation was never present. "Your Luo Branch turned on our Long Clan the second you decided to fight the Clan rules. You simply don't know that you were dead a long time ago."
Long Chen reactivated his movement technique and appeared directly in front of Long Bai, causing the latter to fall on his butt in horror.
"Let me show you why I am titled as a peak genius of this generation. Let me show you what it means to be Young Master of the Long Clan. Let me show you what power is!"
Just like before, Long Chen raised his sword into the air, taking a similar posture. But the way his mana moved was entirely different.
'Divine Dragon Roars to the Heavens.'
The sound of thunder tumbled through the area as thick dark clouds began to gather. Any living being, whether magical beast, plant life form, or other cultivators, all scrambled away from the vicinity.
Ka-boom!
Pillars of lightning descended faster than the eye could see and impacted the earth, causing massive craters in the surroundings. Trees were charred and then reduced to dust. The lush greenery on the ground had been incinerated, making way for a barren wasteland.
A 20-kilometer radius around the duo was nothing but scorched earth, but no attack had landed near them. It was clear the amount of control Long Chen possessed.
Boom!
Lightning descended once again, this time striking Long Chen's sword, which was still pointed skyward. A strange scene occurred, the lightning was absorbed by the sword, causing it to glow ominously.
Long Chen swung the sword, eliciting another massive roar from the sky. An eastern dragon made entirely of lightning emerged from the clouds. Its destination was directly on Long Bai's body.
Following the path of Long Chen's sword, the dragon descended, piercing Long Bai through his chest before entering the ground. Seeing this scene, Long Chen flew into the air, where the thunderous clouds had begun to disperse.
When the dragon entered the ground, it signified the end of this battle. A bright light shone inside the cracked earth, illuminating the already bright day. Following this light, many pillars shot out of the ground, before the entire thing erupted.
Sound seemed to have been put at a loss for what to do, as the actual sound of the explosion only rang out minutes after it had already happened. The previous 20 kilometers' worth of scorched land had been torn to shreds, creating a large sinkhole whose depth couldn't be seen through.
Looking at the destruction he caused, Long Chen slightly shook his head. He attached no significance to the event. Instead, he lifted his gaze to survey the land around him.
'Now would be a good time to fight that man from earlier.' He thought. 'But first I should recover my mana.'
***
4 days had passed in the forest and currently, Damien could be seen seated on the massive branch of a tree. Within his mind, a careful process was taking place.
Damien sent his awareness into the black area he had titled his Mind Space. He was currently watching a formless aura trapped within an ethereal cage.
 'This is my emotions. It's time to revert to normal.'
There were no other thoughts in his head. He simply used the exit he created to open the Mind Prison. As soon as he did, that formless aura was released and it dispersed into his Mind Space.
Damien felt a rush of emotions. Excitement, anger, intrigue, and many more wild feelings plagued his mind, causing him to grab his head in pain.
Luckily his feelings were mostly positive, or he couldn't imagine the side effects. It took an entire half-hour before Damien's raging headache calmed down, allowing him room to think.
'That was…intense.'
The feeling was completely different from what he imagined. He didn't feel trapped in his own body as logical thought took over, rather he was completely himself.
It was surreal. He could act like a completely different being, and since his emotions were sealed, he felt no guilt or dilemma from doing so. He was left without room to even question himself.
He had spent the last 4 days killing anything he came across, soliciting him an increase of 5 levels. This was barely anything, but it made sense. 3rd class was always said to be much harder to cross than the previous two.
'This skill could be extremely dangerous if used incorrectly.'
The main problem he saw was that he had no ability to change his actions from the logical ones he took. If he felt he made a mistake, there was no turning back.
And if, for instance, the emotionless version of him decided that abandoning those close to him was the most ideal scenario…
'I don't even want to think about what would happen.'
He didn't have a goal in mind while activating his Mind Prison, so the chosen goal was his deepest desire to grow in strength. After the 4-day killing spree, his rational mind decided that there was no need to use the Mind Prison to take such actions.
Due to that, Damien ended up in his current position, finally regaining his true self. If he had to judge it, he felt that overall it was a positive experience. The only problem was that he still had no idea how he managed to seal his emotions in the first place.
'All I was doing was suppressing them as hard as I could. There's no way it could be that easy.'
Yet, it might've been exactly that. Damien wanted to test it out once more when he suddenly heard rustling from the tall grass on the ground. Whoever the newcomer was, they weren't trying to hide their presence.
Damien spread his awareness to check who it was before a smile emerged on his face. 'Well well well, I didn't expect this to happen any time soon.'
The figure finally exited the grass, revealing its form. It was a familiar black-haired man whose valiant and battle-hungry aura was on full display.



Chapter 131 Power 1
"You understand why I have come, don't you?" Long Chen said as he gazed at Damien. His eyes were as sharp as his sword, indicating that he wouldn't take no for an answer.
"I do. But are you sure you want to do it now?" Damien responded. He was also feeling the desire to fight, but he didn't want to do so now. He still had a few things he wanted to test after exiting his Void Heart form.
But Long Chen didn't seem to care. "Let's fight. I want to truly test my prowess, and you seem to be the only one here that might have the capability to do so."
"Might?" Damien scoffed. "Don't underestimate me too much, or you won't know how you lost. How about this, on the final day of the exam, we meet back at this spot. That will be when we fight."
Long Chen thought for a moment. It was more convenient for him to fight on the final day as well since he still wasn't sure Long Bai was the only one out for his head. This way, the crowd they'd attract wouldn't have time to make any sudden moves.
If anyone wanted to strike them when they were tired, it'd be impossible unless they wanted to fail the exam. Well, Long Chen didn't know about Zara so this was the security he felt.
"Very well, I will see you in 3 days." He said. He had taken so long to find Damien that he got a little too excited and caught in the moment. It was a strange feeling that Long Chen hadn't experienced before.
'Perhaps my search for a rival has gone on for far too long.' It was the only reason he could think of for his recent actions. He didn't think or plan, just acting on will alone.
'Then I will spend the next few days increasing my level and training before our confrontation.'
Damien and Long Chen weren't the only ones present in the vicinity. Many other participants and beasts had been attracted by the clash of their auras and had come to find the source of the commotion. Due to this, news of their upcoming duel spread.
"Did you hear? The young master of the Long Clan is going to duel some random guy on the final day!"
"What? Why would I be interested in that? The other guy will obviously lose to Long Chen."
"But you don't understand! I personally saw them clash in aura, and the other guy didn't lose out in the slightest!"
"What?! That's impossible!"
"It's true, if you want to see it, just come watch the duel!"
"Hmph, I'll judge the truth with my own two eyes."
Many similar conversations took place, everyone having their own goals. Some simply wanted to reach the gathering spot to kill off their competitors, some wanted to kill Long Chen, and some simply wanted to watch the show.
Within a shadowy area of the forest, a black-haired man was talking to a group of what seemed to be his followers.
"Long Chen will be tired out after this match. That idiot Long Bai and his group failed to kill him, so it's up to us. Don't fail me when the time comes."
"Yes, young master!"
As all of this took place, Damien flew around in search of an isolated area within the forest. There was something he wanted to try. It was unrelated to any training or technique he created, but still equally important.
"What does the full power of a 3rd class look like?"
The question was an interesting one, as Damien should be able to feel his exact power level. The problem was that he had never seen large-scale destruction to use as a basis for what he could do.
He had estimated his power back in Apeiron, but never had the chance to test it out.
Reaching a lush area without too much wildlife, Damien began charging his attack.
He wouldn't use any new techniques, but he wasn't simply going to use pure mana. He would use his most destructive attack for this test. The 4th form of his sword art, spatial collapse.
When he previously used this move, he always encapsulated a few kilometers at best, but there was a reason for this. It was the amount of mana he poured into his attack.
He usually did this instinctually, never thinking about the mechanics behind it. He didn't know whether it was a natural talent or a benefit of evolving, but he was always able to naturally tell how much mana he needed to put into an attack.
Due to this, he never used his full power or overused mana even when he was going all out. Besides this fact, he also never had a reason to use large-scale destructive force.
But today was different. He still had two and a half days before he needed to fight Long Chen, and that was more than enough time to recuperate his mana. Not to mention, he had Zara who could guard him while he was recovering.
Damien took out his sword and began channeling mana into it. Since he was testing his all-out force, the amplification feature on his sword was a necessity.
The colorless light of spatial mana coated the 1.5-meter-long blade of the sword, causing it to shine iridescently. Damien slowly moved his arm, bringing it above his head. As his sword passed through the air, ripples occurred in space.
It wasn't quite strong enough to cause spatial cracks, especially with the resilient atmosphere on the Cloud Plane, but its strength couldn't be denied. As Damien continued to pour his mana into the sword, the area of the spatial ripples spread, causing a phenomenon to appear in the air.
Clouds became small boats floating on an ocean of space, the sky ebbing and flowing like waves. Just like before, many people witnessed it, but none dared to go forward.
Damien's mana capacity at the moment was nearing 17,000, and although he didn't know the unit used to quantify it, he had more than 10x the mana he had at 2nd class. He couldn't imagine the sheer power he could produce.
It took around 5 minutes even at Damien's fastest speed for all his mana to enter the body of the sword, but once it was done, the sword itself looked like a second sun.
'Void Sword Art 4th Step: Spatial Collapse'
He didn't hesitate any longer, swinging his sword down in the air. His target was space itself. Even though it only hit air, the sword made impact as if it was a solid surface. The sky beneath its blade cracked and became a massive black crevasse in the air.
Within seconds, the crevasse expanded to cover a wide area, but other than that, there was only silence.
Thousands of beings watched the crack in the sky with fear, not knowing its next move, but they weren't forced to wait long.
BOOOOOM!
It was chaos. The sky continued to crack, creating a massive black hole that began to relentlessly pull its surroundings.
The sky twisted into the ground and the ground became walls. Trees were uprooted and fused together as their molecules collided. This fusion phenomenon occurred in the grass, the ground itself, and even a few unlucky beasts as well.
 The grassy land cracked and splintered, unable to resist the terrifying gravitational force of the black hole. 
As theorized by scientists, even light was pulled into this gravity, creating a massive shining ring around the void that slowly became filled with rocks resembling meteors.
Everything went to hell. The beasts that were remaining in the area were shredded to pieces by the opposing gravitational forces or pulled into the black hole, never to be seen again.
The ground no longer existed, leaving room for a massive abyssal chasm with no bottom. The world tried its best to repair the sky, but as long as the black hole existed, it was impossible.
The scene of devastation carried on for an entire 10 minutes uninhibited. And by the time it was over, nothing existed within the area. The black hole slowly became smaller and smaller, turning into a pin-sized dot before disappearing into the air.
Silence once again descended. Not only in the area Damien was in, but through the entire area of the massive forest that bore witness to the event. 1500 square kilometers worth of land was gone just like that.
That number didn't mean much out of context, but it was a plot of land slightly larger than Los Angeles. His full power was at the level where he could reduce an entire city to dust in a few minutes.
Damien simply stood in the air basking in the sensation he felt. He needed to take time and understand why he had so much power, as none of his previous fights had been so large scale. It almost didn't make sense for him to be this strong if he went all out.
But other than that curiosity, he only felt one thing about this experience. The feeling of having this much power…
It was enlightening.



Chapter 132 Power 2
The most prominent question at this moment was, why was Damien so powerful?
With the way every fight of his had gone so far, one would expect the collateral damage to have reached city level, or at least something far more destructive than it had.
However, the answer was simple. For starters, Damien needed an entire 10 minutes of charging his attack to reach the city level.
It was a widely known fact that the difference between 2nd and 3rd class could be considered the first true milestone in one's cultivation journey.
Unlike the previous two classes, 3rd class was an evolution of one's being. By the time one completed their leveling and forged the legends necessary to class change once more, they would gain more power over the natural law.
Damien didn't understand much about this "natural law" that was mentioned every time someone talked to him about 4th class, but he was intrigued to figure it out.
At the moment, his powers were at their weakest point, at least in the grand scheme. His elements were just that, elements. They had no power to manipulate reality and perform truly grand feats.
Just thinking about how the spatial mages of Apeiron were able to turn an entire world into a secret realm for the sake of their future generations, Damien could feel the massive power gap between classes.
He had met a few 4th class beings before, and none of them really gave him the same feeling as those he heard tales about from Kurt's remnant soul within the temple.
After much thought, he understood the reason for this. Why would a 4th class being be unable to conceal things from someone much weaker than them? It didn't make sense. Even if his eyes were extremely powerful, they weren't reality-breaking.
What he saw from Malcolm or James in Apeiron was simply what they wished to show him. And the power he felt during their altercations wasn't even enough to be considered the tip of the iceberg.
The after-effects of many 4th class beings going to war on Apeiron was almost the total extinction of the world's population. If that wasn't enough to showcase how much power they could truly possess, nothing was.
His thoughts ran a little wild, considering that there might've been other continents on Apeiron that were totally destroyed and sunk during the war, but that was just his own fantasy.
Every time he had asked Malcolm about the reason for such a wide gap, he was told nothing. Even those elders from the Burning Sun Sect kept him in the dark about it.
But that didn't curb his curiosity, instead making it burn with even brighter passion. Strength and power were things Damien loved, and learning about how they worked was something he had set his mind to. One way or another, he'd figure out how it all worked.
Other than that, he simply had no need to use such levels of power.
Back when he was fighting the leaders of Niflheim, he had the elders of the Burning Sun Sect with him to offset a majority of the pressure he might've faced, not to mention his companions. If he had to fight those dark imps alone, he would have been forced to go all out, maybe even getting killed in the process.
On Apeiron, he simply didn't have any major conflict. The fight with the Nox in the ancient temple might've been much more destructive than any of his other fights, but he didn't have a major part in that one.
 With the sturdiness of the palace and Rose's mitigation of damage through the use of her Illusory Throne, the collateral of that fight became underwhelming. 
No matter how focused he was on his goal, or how strong his resolve to crush those in his path was, he needed true enemies for that to happen, and Damien had never been one to wantonly make enemies.
The funny part was, the one time he actively sought enemies, he met the laughing stock named Wang Ming. He didn't know whether he should praise his luck or curse it.
His personality craved for battle, it craved for life or death situations, but he was left largely unfulfilled. If his two years in the dungeon were counted, he had more than enough life or death to last him many years, but it wasn't.
The reason being that his time in the dungeon was what caused him to develop such a mentality. Since it developed that trait, it couldn't be considered as fulfilling its desires.
However, he wasn't insane. Damien didn't just hop into situations that'd lead to his death due to his urge to feel that riveting sensation of walking the line. If he was that dumb, he would be finding some Nox-infested planet and charging in headfirst.
At the end of the day, what Damien wanted was more opportunities for destruction like this. He loved the feeling he got from causing it, and he loved the sight of it.
He actually felt like he comprehended something elusive just moments ago, but he couldn't recall it no matter how hard he tried. All he knew was that destruction was something closely related to him, as the core of his being reveled in its sensation.
He felt like the question marks in his affinities section were slowly revealing themselves, with one set being glaringly obvious to him. He just didn't know how to proceed with comprehending it enough to truly gain an affinity.
While he thought of these things, Zara flew him to an isolated area so he could recover. Truthfully, he had almost dropped out of the sky, unable to sustain himself due to the overuse of his mana.
And directly after everything had ended, he fell deep into his own thoughts. His behavior could be seen as stupid and self-destructive, but in another vein, it could be said that he had immense trust in Zara.
After finding an indiscreet cave, Zara quickly scared away the beasts living in it with her aura before taking Damien inside.
"Damien, how did you do that?" Zara asked, intrigue evident in her eyes. She had similarly never witnessed such a scene, and it made her faith in Damien almost turn to worship.
"What do you mean?" Damien chided. "If you try your hardest, you can probably do something like that as well. After all, my Zara will be the strongest beast to ever exist."
"Mm!" Zara nodded, happily prancing around the cave. Inwardly, she was swearing to not neglect training, wanting to do the same as Damien one day.
Without much action, another 2 days passed. The sun rose over the horizon as the day of the duel dawned on those present. Everywhere within the general vicinity, large movements could be seen.
Crowds of surviving contestants all made their way over to the tree where the meeting spot was set. This was a duel involving a peak genius, so they had to witness it.
When they arrived, they saw a black-haired man floating in the air, his aura radiating serenity. It only took 10 minutes for his opponent to arrive, causing his eyes to snap open.
"Finally, let us see who is stronger."



Chapter 133 Power 3
A 50-kilometer radius surrounding a massive tree was crowded by slightly more than a thousand people who made up a large crowd prepared to watch the upcoming battle.
In the air above the tree stood a heroic man whose flowing black hair and robes fluttered in the calm wind. His sword-like eyebrows were calmly set above his closed eyes. He didn't do anything special, but his presence captivated the attention of everyone in the vicinity.
From the distance, another aura emerged, flying at high speeds towards their location. Most of the crowd was only able to see an amethyst light approaching them. When it finally arrived, the figure it encased was revealed.
Another man whose aura was equally valiant, leaving no obvious discrepancies between him and his opponent. His hair was tied in a ponytail, the silver streaks within its deep black looking like shooting stars in the night.
His brows were equally sharp, drawing attention to his mesmerizing eyes. The two colors that made up his irises swirled hypnotically, causing his cross-shaped pupils to look like a small boat amongst a raging storm.
His clothing was styled much differently from those people were used to, giving him a unique and mysterious vibe.
Floating above the rich greenery of the forest, these two men looked like immortal cultivators peacefully gauging each other's strength. However, this aura changed the second they met eyes.
Their auras flared, starting their preliminary competition. An amethyst aura met a gold one, each displaying its own unique properties.
 Winds swirled around them as just the clash of their auras would have been enough to drop any 2nd class cultivator to their knees. 
"You showed up." Long Chen said, excitement slowly emerging in his tone.
"Did you think I wouldn't?" Damien responded with an amused smile.
But Long Chen shook his head. "I didn't take you for someone without honor. I am simply excited to see whether I can finally find a challenge."
Among those who had witnessed the devastating scene that suddenly began in one portion of the forest a few days ago, Long Chen was one of them. Although most were unaware of the cause, he had a good guess.
"Is there any need for more hesitation? Let's fight." He said.
In terms of pure aura, they were almost equal, with neither of them being able to gain a true advantage. It was pointless for them to continue with these insignificant altercations.
Long Chen chose not to draw his sword immediately, flying forward at speeds that caused small booms to resound through the environment as even the air was broken through.
In a mere instant, he arrived in front of Damien, throwing a fierce punch directly at his face. But Damien wasn't perturbed. He slightly moved his body, allowing the fist to pass by him as he threw his own punch, his speed not slower than Long Chen's in the slightest.
The two stayed in close combat for many minutes, maneuvering within the air as if it was solid ground. Still, neither of them had been able to land a proper hit.
Separating for a moment, they once again charged, their fists connecting. Each connecting punch resulted in a sonic boom,
As they were in the air, they didn't cause any damage to the surroundings, but their clash resulted in fierce winds that attempted to shred the branches of the trees below them. They moved around the 50-kilometer stage that had been prepared for them at a rapid pace, unperturbed by any damage they might cause.
At this point, the only way they were using mana was to empower their fists, so they hadn't been able to damage each other. Still, they were having plenty of fun.
Each time they connected a hit, grins would emerge on their faces. Both of them felt the refreshing feeling that came with talking with fists.
However, they didn't have all the time in the world to play. At the end of the day, they still had to pass the disciple examination. After 15 minutes, they finally separated once more.
"It's impressive enough for you to match me blow to blow with fists, but let's see if you can do the same with your sword." Long Chen said as he pulled out his massive greatsword.
Damien grinned in response as he withdrew his own weapon. The difference in size between the two was glaring, but the aura they gave off didn't lose to each other.
Damien knew his sword itself wasn't as refined as it could be, but he had confidence in the arts he created. "Let's go then."
Gold and amethyst covered their blades before they charged again. As their blades made contact, a loud screech could be heard from the grinding of metal.
As their exchange continued, Damien slowly lost ground. As he expected, Long Chen's sword mastery was leagues above his. However, he wasn't perturbed.
'Void Sword Art 3rd Step: Dance of the Void'
Damien's figure quickly became ethereal, flashing in and out of existence, randomly appearing in different places around Long Chen.
His movements were patterned in such a way that soon, Long Chen was surrounded by tens of afterimages.
With the addition of his spatial magic, Damien began gaining ground. Seeing himself get put at a disadvantage, Long Chen grinned. '"Using techniques? Let me join you!"
'9 Dragons Soar through the Heavens!'
Just like before, the ground erupted, leaving way for 9 white dragon phantoms that charged toward Damien. Seeing the incoming dragons, he grinned.
Putting his palm out, Damien pushed down. Long Chen suddenly felt the air around him get heavy as his movements became sluggish. Even his dragons were slightly struggling against the pressure.
'Gravity!' He exclaimed within his head. 'This fight won't be as simple as I assumed.'
'Heavenly Dragon Domain!'
A golden light expanded from Long Chen's body before encompassing a 20-kilometer radius around him. Naturally, Damien was included in this.
Within the domain, Damien felt that his lie movements were slowed to match Long Chen's under his gravity. Soon enough, those 9 dragons made their way to him, clamping down their massive jaws.
First blood had been drawn, and Damien was the loser. The dragon phantoms attempted to tear through his body, but he soon teleported out of their grasp. He no longer had the freedom to relax.
'Void Sword Art 2nd Step: Horizon Break'
Long Chen suddenly felt immense danger coming from an unknown direction. He twisted his body at an impossible angle, but he was unable to fully dodge. A massive gash formed on his left side, along his ribs.
Grinning at Long Chen, Damien smugly declared, "Now we're even."
Ignoring the pain, Long Chen grinned back. Even though their fight hadn't become serious yet, he knew. He met an opponent he couldn't simply destroy if he didn't show some of his cards.
But as if it was an unspoken agreement between the two, they didn't use their most powerful attacks. As their clash continued, they only used the moves they had already shown each other.
Blood continued to spill, staining the green forest with blips of red, but neither fighter paused their movements.
It was time for round two.



Chapter 134 Power 4
At the edge of the forest, a meeting of elders was taking place. Not all the elders previously in the palace had assembled, but the ones willing to take disciples from the new batch of outer disciples were gathered.
"Have you heard the news?"
"Right, that Long boy is having a duel with the kid from the talent test."
"Mm, I think it'd be good if they could develop a healthy rivalry."
 "Right, the Long Clan might not have the same influence as us, but they are near the top of the 4 great clans. It won't be bad for us to make connections to them."
"Exactly, if the Long boy finds a rival within the sect, their clan will be much more favorable towards our disciples."
As these miscellaneous conversations took place, someone raised a concern.
"Shouldn't we be monitoring their duel? We can't have either of them getting too injured, or even worse, crippled."
"They are both top geniuses that will benefit our sect greatly, so naturally that can't be allowed. However, we don't need to worry. The Old Man is already taking care of it."
"He moved personally? I wonder which of them caught his interest."
Even though they addressed him causally, respect and adoration could be felt in the tones of these sect elders as they spoke about the old man.
Nonetheless, after learning that safety was already taken care of, the sect elders resumed their idle chatter.
***
Meanwhile, the fight between Damien and Long Chen had escalated intensely. Unlike their previous bouts, they both had serious expressions on their faces.
The lush scenery of the 50-kilometer radius around them had already been destroyed. The ground was cracked, and many of the plants in the vicinity had been charred or incinerated.
The crowd of onlookers was forced to scatter since the battle had escalated past the point where they could stand close by and watch. Some decided to eliminate their competitors during this time, so many small skirmishes were taking place in the area.
Clang!
The sound of swords impacting each other was heard once again, but this time wasn't so simple. A wave of lightning crashed into Long Chen, obliterating everything in his vicinity, while the same occurred with Damien.
As it turns out, Long Chen also had a lightning affinity, so after many hours, they had decided to compete on whose was better.
Damien's crackling black lightning contained properties of destruction, while Long Chen's gold lightning felt more pure and authoritative.
When the two waves of lightning collided, a massive explosion engulfed the entire 50 kilometers around them, pushing both of them back.
Turning his head to the side, Damien spit out a mouthful of blood. With their clash becoming more volatile, there was no way to remain uninjured.
'Well, at least it isn't as bad as the Sea Dragon.' Thinking about it, Damien got an idea. He hadn't been able to test his new trait on any opponents recently.
"Long Chen, we've already been fighting for hours without a clear winner. Let us end it in this next clash."
Long Chen was in a similar state as Damien, and while his injuries were also rapidly healing, his healing factor wasn't as pronounced as his opponents. 'Is there no way for me to win?'
Going into this fight, he had expected a challenge, but nothing like this. When comparing raw strength, Damien was above him. However, he won in terms of technique.
With each having their own specialty, their battle stayed at a standstill for this long. Every time Long Chen used his wits to land a critical hit on Damien, he would collapse space or use his odd invisible sword strike to counterattack.
'Spatial cultivators are truly terrifying.'
He was aware that if this was a life or death battle, he'd lose purely due to Damien's spatial element. After all, Damien had the ability to flee whenever he felt like it to recuperate, while Long Chen had nothing of the sort.
Even if he used the life-saving talismans his family provided, they were a finite supply, unlike Damien who only needed mana.
Looking at his opponent who was breathing heavily, but still looked in generally good shape, Long Chen checked his own condition.
'I can continue fighting for many more hours, and my mana capacity is still 34ths full, but we can't fight forever.'
"Very well, the next move will be the last."
Since they were finishing it here, he might as well go all out. This was Long Chen's thought. And although he didn't want to use his trump card, he felt he had the perfect attack for this confrontation.
Both fighters nodded at each other in mutual agreement before their auras flared. They gushed out mana at an incredible pace, putting everything into their final attacks.
'Only leave enough mana to protect myself.' This was the thought running through both of their minds.
Above Damien's head, the sky once again raged. Thunder boomed so loud that it could even be heard by the elders on the outskirts of the forest, and black lightning crackled through the storm clouds that began to gather.
It was like a heavenly tribulation, but much more destructive. But Damien wasn't done yet. If he was going all out, he'd truly go all out. He slowly began inhaling as a small black dot formed in his throat.
On Long Chen's side, a similarly catastrophic scene was taking place. Heaven and earth rumbled as pillars shot down from both, connecting in the middle with such force that small space cracks formed.
These pillars were entirely gold, forming an illusory golden palace around Long Chen, with him sitting on a throne of swords. The earth cracked apart and gave way for the hot lava within, which rose to create golems that guarded their king.
The sky cleared and the sun shone through the dark clouds, illuminating Long Chen's figure like a heavenly immortal descended upon the mortal world.
Damien's eyes slowly turned entirely red, while Long Chen's became vertical slits of a reptile. Looking at each other, they both yelled at the top of their lungs.
"Heavenly Dragon God's Descent!"
"Storm Dragon's Fury!"
On Damien's side, a beam of destructive black light thicker than any tree trunk shot out of his mouth and entered the storm clouds, empowering them with its strength.
Soon after, the rumbling clouds became pitch black, causing a massive hole to be opened in the space above the battleground. Through this hole, an even larger beam with the thickness of a building shot forward towards Long Chen's throne.
However, the beam was destined to be obstructed. The tens of magma golems protecting Long Chen fused, becoming a massive dragon made entirely of molten rock.
The gold beams creating the structure of the palace shifted their aim and entered the magma dragon's body, covering it in light. Finally, the shining sunlight converged to create a golden dragon hundreds of meters in length.
The dragon opened its massive maw, shooting out a golden-white beam that didn't lose out to Damien's in the slightest.
The scene of carnage could be viewed by anyone near the forest. One pitch black and the other gold, the two beams collided looking like an epic clash between good and evil.
But the destruction it caused had no morality. The world was bathed in light that swallowed everything in its path, including Damien and Long Chen.
The light incinerated everything, even the 3rd class competitors that were too close were immediately turned to ash. This was the result of a combination of Damien and Long Chen's power.
As for whether the two of them could survive it? It was entirely unknown.



Chapter 135 Celestial Star Palace 1
Many hours passed and the surviving cultivators made their way to the entrance of the forest. They rushed with whatever power they could muster, as there were more than the thousand that would be selected who survived.
Due to this, the first ones to reach the meeting point would be chosen.
But even while moving at such speeds, most of their minds were preoccupied with the massive explosion that occurred a few hours prior.
After the event, some had even chosen to go back to that area to witness the scene, but they found nothing. There was only a massive crater several thousands of kilometers in diameter, the bodies of neither Damien nor Long Chen being present.
Looking at the cultivators who slowly showed up in front of him, Mu Chen smiled. He got to witness many interesting scenes today and found many talented youngsters for their sect. Observing the kind of power the new generation could hold was one of his favorite pastimes.
'Especially those two..'
His mind drifted to the two that could be considered as the peak geniuses of this class of outer disciples. One had immense status while the other was entirely unknown, but neither failed to make a grand entrance.
Taking his mind off of them, he once again gazed at those who had gathered.
"Alright! To the 998 of you that arrived first, welcome to our Celestial Star Palace! Your badges should have lit up green by now, so you know who you are!
"You are allowed to return to your families and say your goodbyes if you'd like, but remember to be back at the sect with your token in 3 days' time! As for those who didn't pass, you can always try again during the next exam.
"The cultivation path is endless, and there is always a peak above the peak. If you don't have the fortitude to cope with this loss, you do not deserve to be titled as a cultivator."
Some voiced their dissent, but in the end, they didn't do anything. At least, most of them didn't.
"Senior! I counted myself, and I was the 1000th person to come out of the forest! Why is my token red?!" A black-haired man shouted. He was the same man who had plotted with Long Bai earlier in the exam.
Indifferently glancing at him, Mu Chen spoke. "I said clearly that the first 998 cultivators gained entrance, so why are you complaining?"
"But the exam was supposed to allow 1000 of us! Don't think my Long Clan will take this slight sitting down!"
"Long clan?" Mu Chen said with a questioning tone. The man's face became smug.
"That's right! I am Long Hao! I will be sure to inform my elders about what occurred here!" He said. Long Hao clearly believed he had the upper hand, becoming more arrogant with every word he spoke.
But Mu Chen didn't care in the slightest. "Why would your Long clan lose face here? Your young master is already our sect disciple. Not to mention that your Long Clan cannot harm us even if they tried."
The humiliating words in the latter half of the sentence were completely disregarded due to the shock of the former.
"L-Long Chen is still alive?! Impossible!"
Long Hao was part of the group that had almost been incinerated in that massive explosion. He firmly believed that Long Chen was dead, which was why he had the guts to act so brazenly.
"Whether you believe it or not isn't my problem. If you don't leave the area right now, I'll have to force you to do so." Mu Chen responded.
Long Hao's face went red with rage, but he knew he didn't have the strength to do anything. "I'll remember this." He said as he reluctantly flew away.
Just like that, the disciple examination was over, along with most of the drama it brought. Many of the cultivators returned to their homes to wish goodbyes to their families, as they were aware they wouldn't leave the sect often, while others directly entered its premises.
Within a certain building within the expansive city that decorated the Star Mountain on which the sect resided, two men could be seen lying down in beds.
Their bodies were riddled with scars, and even with their healing factors, it was taking them many hours to heal.
Days passed as these men lay motionless, and even after their bodies had returned to peak condition, they still hadn't awoken.
Next to one of these beds, a large black winged wolf was pacing nervously. She had been watching Damien for the past 3 days hoping for some change, but she saw nothing.
 During that explosion, she felt that they would definitely die, but she had no qualms about it. As long as she died with Damien by her side, she'd be content.
Yet, at the last moment, she saw a blurred figure race in. After that, her vision went black. She didn't pass out, nor was she obstructed in any way. Her eyes simply couldn't process the speeds at which Damien's body was being carried.
The next thing she knew, they were in this building.
"Fear not, little one," came an aged voice from the entrance of the room, "their minds are simply exhausted from all the effort they put into their duel. They should be waking up in a few hours."
Zara simply nodded and went back to watching over Damien. By now, she was aware of the old man's presence. He was the one who brought them to this building and fed them the healing pills they needed, and Zara felt no malice from him.
As for how she'd treat him, that depended on what happened when Damien woke up. And after waiting a few more hours, just like the old man said, both Damien and Long Chen began to stir from their slumbers.
"Ugh…"
Damien groaned. The second his consciousness returned, he was met with a splitting headache.
'How the hell am I still alive?'
He didn't expect the outcome to happen as it had. At first, his only goal was to use his storm talent. Yet, seeing the grand palace that was built around Long Chen, his competitive nature arose and he went harder than he should've.
Long Chen was having similar thoughts. He only planned to use his golden palace and lava golems to attack, yet he ended up using one of his most powerful moves.
The two reflected on their battle and in the end, neither could conclude who had won that exchange. They both would have died if it wasn't for that shadowy figure that swooped them up at the last second.
"Are you kids done with your reminiscing?" A voice resounded through the room. Even if they weren't in peak condition, they both immediately put their guard up.
"Oho, it's good to see that you have the energy to look at me like that." In front of them stood an old man with flowing white hair and a similarly long beard. His look was the epitome of the "old monster" stereotype.
"Well then, if you're doing good enough to be so vigilant, I might as well begin my introduction." He said. Shifting his gaze between the two geniuses, the old man once again spoke.
"Welcome to the Celestial Star Palace, new outer court disciples."