Chapter 36 Nexus 1
Aurora, being the capital of a massive empire, wasn't anything to scoff at. The city's perimeter was thousands of kilometers long, as opposed to Archdale which was roughly the size of Los Angeles, around 600 km.
Damien was still relaxing on top of the carriage with Katherine and Zara, who had come out earlier since it seemed that there was no more danger. His guard was mostly lowered now though.
Damien neverThought to ask about Katherine's real name or status, but according to her, inside Aurora, she was untouchable, so Damien wasn't worried about attacks anymore.
Aurora had a clear resemblance to cities on Earth, besides the architectural style. It was separTed into various districts that served different purposes such as the commercial and residential districts.
When Damien spread his awareness, he noticed that he could only cover around 34ths of the city. Since this was also his teleportation range, it was a significant discovery.
And in the center of it all was a palace that was largerThan any building Damien had seen before. Since Aurora was built on a slope, it could be seen even from outside the city walls.
Being the city where most of the empire's nobles reside, there was a clear caste system in place, resulting in scenery that grew more and more refined as it reached the center.
 With the caste system, Damien expected to see a slum or something along those lines, but he was surprised that he couldn't find anything of the sort. After asking Katherine, he found out that Aurora was the only empire that didn't condone slavery and forced labor of any sort. 
It seemed their king was a smart man who underTood that such practices, while beneficial in the short run, only end up leading to internal conflict and rebellion overTime.
Although there was still some slight discrimination between castes, it wasn't enough to brew conspiracy. However, this was just on the surface. There seemed to be a supremacist faction within the nobles, but they didn't have much freedom to move without having a 4th class in their ranks to rival the emperor.
Another half-hour later, the group reached the Adventurer's Guild, which was also much biggerThan the one in Archdale. It was basically a skyscraper, but Damien couldn't underTand the need for such space within an adventurers guild until he entered inside.
The firT five floors were like a larger and cleaner version of the guild in Archdale, but above that, there were many differences. FirT was the 6th to 10th floor, which was a sort of trade center for adventurers to buy and sell things they received or gained on their quests.
Damien couldn't sense what was located above that, but he didn't need to. It seemed that this wasn't a mere branch of the guild, rTher it was its headquarters. The floors above the 10th floor were probably for logistics, with the top floor designated forThe guild master.
Although each branch of the guild had a guild master, there was only one true master of the adventurers guild.
A rumored half-step demigod.
Damien's eyes burned as he thought of this level of power, but he quickly suppressed that feeling as he walked with the rest of the group to the reception area. Without any delay, they were able to gain the promised rewards forThe quest.
For some reason, Damien had assumed he wouldn't get rewards since it was his qualification mission, but he was wrong. Just like the other 5, he received a whole 600 gold coins. It seemed that Katherine's backing was loaded.
AfterThe others said their goodbyes and parted ways, Damien stayed at the desk. "I'd like my new guild card." He stated to the receptionist lady.
"Ah!" She exclaimed. "I apologize sir, but there were some slight changes to the card you were meant to be given. Due to your feats of slaying a 3rd class during the mission, you've been granted access to S rank quests even while your rank remains at A."
It seemed the guild was making the change in his status before handing him the card. 5 minutes later, the lady pulled out a pure white card.
"This is your new guild card. If you would like to accept any quests or ask any questions, feel free to come to me. Enjoy the rest of your day!" She said with a cheerful smile on her face.
Damien smiled lightly at her and nodded before walking to the mission board with a slight pep in his step. This was because he had made a huge achievement today. He had finally held a normal conversation with another person that wasn't Zara.
Naturally, this person was Katherine. Although they'd separTed a while ago, Damien was still proud of himself forThe improvement in his social skills.
Though he was still stiff towards literally anyone else, he chose to ignore that fact just like he had been ignoring Zara's teasing forThe last hour or so.
After looking overThe mission board for a bit, Damien chose a classic beast slaying mission.
And then, 3 more months passed.
In these 3 months, not much happened. Damien continued to take S rank quests and a few A rank quests at the guild and his nickname, "Void", began to spread.
However, most people chose to call him by a different nickname.
Due to the fact that Damien only took extermination and slaying quests, his extremely clear speed, 100% clear rTe, and the massive black wolf that seemingly lurked in his shadow, people began calling him the "Grim Reaper" much to Damien's amusement.
Some of the experienced adventurers began treating him as an equal while the rookies admired him. This was because his advent came with information on his past.
He had appeared out of nowhere, adding to his mysteriousness, and on his firT mission, he had slain a 3rd class as a 2nd class being.
During these 3 months, Damien had earned quite the sum of money and had bought himself a mansion within Aurora. It seemed that adventurers at A-rank and above had similar status to nobles so Damien was able to live in a relatively lavish environment.
He hadn't been slacking in his training either. Since he had just created the 3rd step of his sword art, he decided to put all his focus on vector control. Damien's defense was already at a level that was impenetrable by those at the same level, and he even managed to figure out a few offensive uses of his ability.
His gravity control was now able to crush 1st class and mid-level 2nd class beings with ease, while those strongerThan that level would only be slowed down.
However, he could also control gravity to move in any direction, so disrupting their movement or attack patterns was much simplerThan it used to be.
He had also experimented with controlling molecules, increasing their vibrTion rTe to create plasma beams. He had also created an ability that mimicked a sort of space blade which gave him a less destructive attack for his space affinity.
Damien refused to attempt anything with smaller particles, as he felt he'd just end up killing himself at his level of control.
The last thing he had begun experimenting with was personal vectors. He had glimpsed this concept when he recreated his left arm, but he never expanded on it. This specific research was still in its preliminary phases, so he didn't have many uses for it yet. These new abilities had contributed a great deal towards his grim reaperTitle.
Damien hadn't run into Katherine again since the mission ended either, but he didn't mind much. He had many things to do, so if they met then they met. Otherwise, he wouldn't think about it too much. She might be his only human friend in this world, but they both had their own priorTies.
Today, Damien had decided to go to the tavern and relax for a bit. He had been working constantly once again while forgetting to rest. Although this habit was technically bad for him, he had long forgone the need to sleep.
He would just devour a few beasts when he felt like he was getting tired and used the energy to clear his fatigue.
However, at Zara's urging, Damien took a single day every week for a break. Usually, he would just have a drink orTwo and then relax and talk to Zara forThe day, howeverToday while he was at the tavern, he heard an interesting piece of news.
"Hey, did you hear?" A random man said to his friend. "The Nexus event is starting in 6 months, and since it's the 1000th anniversary since the firT one, the prizes are huge!"
"What are the prizes?" The friend asked eagerly.
"Third place and Second place prizes are crazy but not enough to be so excited. It's the firT place prize that matters most."
The man's friend was beginning to lose patience, and seeing that the anticipation of the friend and the crowd that was listening in on his conversation reached its peak, the man spoke once more.
"ElixirThe heavenly potion that can cure any wound or illness."



Chapter 37 Nexus 2
Damien froze as the man's words played on repeat inside his head. A potion that could cure any wound or disease. Even if one was on the brink of death with their heart pierced and body mutilated, Elixir could bring them back to the peak of their health.
 With this information came a rush of emotion. Scenes of his mother replayed in his mind. Her efforts to raise him after his dad disappeared, the constant stress she endured that started turning her hair white even before she was 40, and the way that she never let him worry about a thing, even while she was carrying such a major burden. 
Ever since he was old enough to understand the struggles she was going through just to give him a proper life, he had been overflowing with the urge to repay her, but before he could even gain a method to do so, the world changed. His mother fell into a coma and rather than being able to repay her, he was forced to do everything he could to just keep her alive.
So many things had been happening recently that Damien had put all these thoughts to the back of his mind, but the Elixir made him recall one of the only things he missed about Earth. If he could truly win first place in this event and gain the prize, he would have a way to cure his mother the second he gets back to Earth.
His old determination rose to prominence once more as Damien managed to lift himself off of his seat and rush out of the tavern. His destination? The adventurers guild. The trade center on the 6th to 10th floor wasn't just for material items, but information as well.
And while the man in the tavern would be much cheaper, he preferred to spend some money to use a reliable source instead. He had plenty of money anyway. He wasn't a lavish spender in the slightest and his 3 months of constant work ended up compiling him a small fortune.
Entering the guild, Damien went straight to the 8th floor where the information brokers stayed and queued into line. All of the brokers who were allowed to sell their services at the guild were trustworthy, so it didn't matter which one he went to.
Plus, the information he was looking for wasn't secretive, so he didn't need to be cautious.
Half an hour later, it was Damien's turn, and he didn't waste a second as he entered the private room. In front of Damien was a stick-like old man with a flowing white beard that made him look like a martial arts master.
"What do you seek from me today?" The old man said as Damien made himself comfortable on the couch in front of him.
"I want all information you have on the upcoming Nexus Event. From the general things to the requirements to participate." Damien responded.
"Very well. That will be 350 gold."
Damien stared at the old man for a few seconds before nodding his head and taking out a storage ring with the money in it. It was well known that the brokers here were exorbitant in their prices, so he didn't make a fuss.
On another note, Damien had realized that he was showing off his inventory quite frequently on accident, so he went out and bought 2 storage rings. One was just a decoration to make people believe he wasn't using his own spatial storage, and the other was for transactions.
Accepting the money, the old man began to talk. "After the Great War that took place 1000 years ago, the various races on Apeiron decided that they needed to build their relationships and solidify their bonds in case a similar situation ever happened again."
Damien was startled at the sudden history lesson that seemed to raise some sort of flag, but he ignored it and continued listening.
"The solution they decided on was the Nexus Event. Every 10 years, all races and empires of the world have their younger generations compete for prizes and opportunities. During this event, many can forge connections and make alliances for the betterment of the world."
Damien understood the importance of such an event. Even back on Earth, they would have events like the Olympics that were hosted and attended by many nations of the world.
"Although there are still struggles for supremacy between those who live in this world, the event signifies their promise for unity against outside threats."
Pausing for a second, the old man looked deeply at Damien. Although he was currently giving information, he was also attempting to gain information.
He had long heard of the rumored "Grim Reaper" who had shown up out of the blue, and many were interested in his history. The man wanted to see if Damien had any reaction to the mention of outside threats, but he was left without any hints. Seeing that his probe failed, he continued.
"As for the requirements to participate, it's really simple. As long as you are below 40 years old you can gain entry, but this is only as a regular participant. To be qualified as a genius, you need to gain recognition. For our Human Race, the place where you can do this is the Zenith Academy."
While 40 years sounds old, it was nothing in the eyes of true powerhouses. As one leveled up, their lifespan would naturally increase as mana regulated their body functions.
A 1st class alone can live for 200 years before dying naturally, while a 2nd class has 500 years, a 3rd class has 1000 years and a 4th class has 2000 years. As for 5th class, that remained a mystery.
Due to this, Damien wasn't surprised by the age limit. Damien had also read about the Zenith Academy. It was a public academy in the human domain that was prided as the #1 magic academy in the entire world, including those of other races.
This academy was completely unbiased and unsegregated, even accepting students of other races. As long as one fit the standards of the academy, they were free to join.
There was only one question Damien still had. "What's the difference between entering as a genius and through normal methods?"
The old man smiled. "It's simple really. It's a matter of status and opportunity. While everyone will be participating together whether they are a genius or average, geniuses get priority to be seeded and are given better accommodations during the duration of the event. If you are planning to enter, I suggest you try to do so as a genius."
Damien nodded his head as he began to formulate a rough outline of his next moves. As he moved to edit the room, the old man once again spoke up.
"Ah! I almost forgot about prizes. 3rd place will receive an SS rank artifact, 2nd place will receive a rare permanent stat boost potion along with the 3rd place prize, and 1st place receives the other prizes as well as Elixir, which you've probably already heard about. However, this is not it."
The old man watched Damien's intrigued expression with a smile on his face. He enjoyed seeing the younger generation produce talents with ambition like Damien.
"Since it is the 1000th anniversary of the Nexus Event, the peak powers of each race decided to pull out all the stops. Along with providing Elixir, a potion whose rarity is on par with the number of 4th class experts of the world, they decided to allow the top 50 participants to enter into the Eternal Secret Realm."
Damien's eyes widened in shock. With Kurt being a supreme powerhouse of the world, he had naturally left behind information on the Eternal Secret Realm. This realm was like a hidden world that could only be opened by the joint efforts of many 4th stage powerhouses.
It was a mystical place filled with both high risks and high rewards. It's said that even the small amount of Elixir that was present in the world was obtained from this secret realm. The number of treasures inside were innumerable, but there were many hostile beasts and a few barbaric races that lived inside it.
Thanking the old man, Damien left the guild and headed back to his house. 'The tournament is my ticket to saving my mother while the secret realm is my ticket to 3rd class. This set of events might be my ticket back to Earth.'
Now that he had fought one, Damien knew the true difference between second and 3rd class. There was a reason why 3rd class consisted of 100 levels rather than 50 like first and second class.
Even Adrian, who was only at the beginning of 3rd class, had around 10 times the amount of mana that Damien had. The only reason he was able to win was because he hadn't allowed Adrian to make use of that large mana capacity.
If Damien was able to achieve 3rd class, he would finally be able to go home, if home was even the right word anymore. Even if his mana capacity wasn't enough to warp him back to Earth, his vector control would have improved to the point where traversing space would be easy.
His warp ability couldn't take him to Earth, but that was solely due to mana capacity. Through his attempts, he had sensed the general direction and distance to Earth. It wasn't that far at all. Even if he had to spend years traversing outer space, he'd do it.
His main goal was always to return. While he had a burning desire to explore the universe and the myriad of worlds it contained, this could wait until he had healed his mother.
Damien smiled thinking that he had finally seen a path forward.
'Well, it's a bit cliche, but I guess it's time to start my own academy arc. Let's just hope it isn't as boring as high school.'



Chapter 38 Academy 1
The Zenith Academy wasn't too far from Aurora, but it would still take two weeks for Damien to get there. For this reason, he decided not to leave just yet.
He was about to head to a prestigious academy to gain the title of supreme genius, so he figured he shouldn't show up in the fantasy world version of an Adidas tracksuit. Before anything else, he went to the commercial district and visited a clothing store called "Averci" which was a designer brand of Apeiron. Entering the store, Damien was greeted by rows of pristine shelves lining the walls and clothing of all kinds. He gazed around in wonder before he was greeted by an attendant.
"Good afternoon, sir. How may we help you today." Although this attendant had noticed Damien's shabby clothing, he didn't look down on him at all. There were many precedents of people whose looks didn't match their strength and authority. This attendant wasn't an idiot like the one Damien met in the Nightingale.
"Hello," Damien politely responded. "it's pretty obvious how bad my sense of style is so I don't think it'd be a good idea to pick for myself, but I'd like to buy 5 sets of clothes. I want full outfits from outerwear to shoes if you could recommend something for me."
The attendant smiled seeing that he was correct in acting respectfully. 5 sets of clothes weren't anything cheap, especially if every piece of clothing was handpicked by specialists like him. And since he would get a commission for large purchases, he had no reason not to be happy.
The attendant led Damien through the shop as he looked at the various clothing and designs and he had to admit that they were much more stylish than earth. The style of these clothes was also similar to 21st-century clothing which Damien was satisfied with.
"Do you have any preferences for clothing, sir?" The attendant asked. He would need a basis to provide Damien with the best options he could.
Damien thought for a moment. To be completely honest, Damien's fashion sense was atrocious. On Earth, Elena would constantly have to accompany him when he shopped so he could buy wearable outfits. Thinking this far, he decided to keep it simple.
"I don't want anything too flashy, and black would be best. Otherwise, dark colors work fine."
The attendant nodded and got to work. 2 hours later, Damien came out of the store with a few thousand less gold in his wallet and looking like a new man. There's a saying that clothing can change a person, and it was certainly true.
Damien was very handsome and the way he carried himself made him stand out from the crowd, but his clothing tended to blend him back in. He was just a strong adventurer in people's eyes. However, when he stepped out of the store, many eyes immediately fell on him.
Damien was wearing a black turtleneck and long black pants with a belt. The belt was also black but the buckle had an intricate gold design on it that added a minimalist aesthetic to his look. He also had on a black coat that's length reached his knees which also had small gold designs swirling its surface.
His shoes were similar to black Air Force 1's, giving him a slightly dangerous vibe. And to finish off the outfit was a simple gold chain around his neck. By the urging of the attendant, Damien also had a silver cross-shaped piercing hanging from his ear.
He never thought he'd one day get his ear pierced, but after he saw himself in the mirror, he had to admit that he looked damn good. If he had to describe his new look in one word, he truly had to say that he was covered head to toe in drip.
This new outfit mixed with his unique yin-yang irises and black hair with streaks of silver that was tied up neatly in a ponytail at the moment made him look like a truly supreme individual.
The clothes he had on now weren't just for show though. The designer brands in this world were so popular not just due to style, but functionality as well. Damien's clothes were filled with invisible runic inscriptions that made it on par with an SS-tier artifact armor. He also had 4 more full sets of clothes in his inventory.
Damien wasn't one to wear armor. In the first place, his body was so tough that most armors were useless, but he would never give up the opportunity to guarantee his safety, especially if he could look stylish while doing so.
With his new look secured, it was time to leave Aurora. He teleported directly out of the city and traveled on foot for a few hundred meters before calling Zara out of his shadow.
"Say, it would be a lot quicker if you just flew us there right?"
Zara was a little annoyed since she could tell Damien just wanted to laze around during the journey, but she soon relented. Zara didn't get the opportunity to fly much in the first place since they were usually inside a city.
She would use this opportunity to enjoy the freedom that comes with cruising through the air. With Damien laying down on her back, Zara took off in the direction of Zenith Academy.
***
Within a large meeting hall, a beautiful pink-haired girl could be seen speaking with her family. "Father, I would like your permission to go to the Zenith Academy so I can earn my place in the upcoming Nexus Event."
Being within the confines of her own home, Katherine had dispelled her disguise and walked around freely. Even if she hates her siblings, she was the strongest among them so they couldn't touch her.
 Katherine's father looked at her deeply before sighing in resignation. This daughter of his was always his favorite due to her hard-working personality and immense talent. The only problem was that she had also inherited the adventurous spirit he had when he was younger. If she was a bit less unrestrained, she would be the perfect successor, but he knew it was impossible. Once again sighing, he responded to her request. 
"Fine. I know that I won't be able to convince you no matter what I say, but you must be extra careful this time. In addition to using your disguise and the name of Katherine Hart, you must take Rhea with you and allow her to accompany you at all times. Last time, the supremacist faction sent a 3rd class after you, so I won't allow you to move freely without a 3rd class protector."
Katherine was satisfied with his response, as she knew she wouldn't be able to push him any more than this. Her stubbornness was also a trait she inherited from her father.
Their many similarities were the reason she was able to speak freely in front of him while the rest of her siblings could only speak with respect and reverence.
Besides, Rhea had been her protector since she was a child, and was like an older sister to her. She wouldn't mind having her come along. Katherine slightly bowed to her father before leaving the room to prepare for her upcoming journey.
After she left, Katherine's father fell into thought. According to the reports of the guards he had sent with her last time, Katherine's survival from the attack was due to a certain adventurer she had hired as an escort. He was also told that the two had gotten very close during their travels.
Summing up his thoughts, he raised his head and spoke into the seemingly empty room. "Zero, find any information you can on that boy and make sure he's trustworthy. If you find anything suspicious, report it immediately."
A shadow swiftly appeared in front of Katherine's father with its head bowed. "Yes, Your Majesty." Leaving these words, the shadow promptly disappeared, leaving the room empty once more.
Meanwhile, Katherine had finished gathering her things and had left for the academy. This time, she didn't hire an escort, instead choosing to use a flying beast to speed up her travel time. While flying to the academy, she couldn't help but think of a certain young man.
"I wonder if we'll finally get to fight this time around." She wondered with a smile on her face.



Chapter 39 Academy 2
2 weeks passed in a flash as many hopeful youngsters began preparing for the upcoming Nexus Event. Even if they weren't able to enter the top 50 and receive any rewards, there were plenty of ways to gain recognition during the event.
Although the only major powers were the empires and guilds, there were many smaller powers subordinated to these behemoths that used the event for recruitment.
 Doing well in the tournament would always net gains, and even those who weren't recruited gained experience that would further their progress on the path to strength. 
These 2 weeks were largely uneventful for Damien. He had spent the entire time on Zara's back, only stopping when she wanted to rest. He had been constantly running simulations in his head about how to advance his vector control during this time.
His research on personal vectors had also increased by a large margin. With this, he could speed up his already fast regeneration rate, naturally increase his speed, and do many other things without using too much mana. By the end of the 2 week period, Damien spotted a city in the distance.
This city wasn't nearly as large as Aurora but was larger than Archdale, making it a large city in its own right. This was Zenith City, which was an extension of the academy. The population of this city was solely the students that attended the academy.
As they arrived closer, Damien decided to walk the rest of the way. He wasn't at the academy to learn or advance himself, he was only there to receive the recognition he needed for the Nexus Event in 6 months.
While the academy did have a period where they held examinations for the yearly entrance of students, that time had long passed. Rather, there was a separate examination period whenever the date of the Nexus Event was announced.
For this purpose, there were 2 huge buildings on either end of the city that were used to examine those students that wanted to join.
The sky around this building in front of Damien was crowded with various tamed beasts that were being used as mounts by higher class individuals and the ground wasn't visible under the sea of people present.
The traffic shocked Damien as he wondered if both buildings had such a large influx of people. It seemed he truly underestimated the hype that came with this event.
Since Zara had already returned to his shadow, Damien decided to just be patient and wait in line. This was an especially grueling thing for him, who had been moving constantly for the past two and a half years.
Patience wasn't a virtue he was aligned with in the slightest. Luckily he still had many simulations to run to pass the time. Damien closed his eyes and moved with the line as he pondered.
Every once in a while, the space around him would fluctuate and bend, causing those in his surroundings to give him a wide birth.
They were confused as to why someone who looked and dressed like some young master of an influential family was waiting in line down here instead of in the sky, but they weren't brave enough to question it.
The reason the space around him was fluctuating was that Damien was working on expanding his range.
His vector control was mainly used in defense simply because he didn't have the range to affect an enemy's vectors when he wasn't in direct physical combat. The distorted space was a manifestation of his efforts as his power began to disperse and concentrate.
It wasn't until almost 6 hours later that Damien's turn finally came. Luckily, the examination building was open 24 hours a day so they could efficiently deal with the influx of people.
The building itself was divided into 5 floors with many private rooms that were meant to test 10 individuals at a time. This added up to around 50 people per examinees per turn. The fact that it took Damien 6 hours to get a turn even with this number showed the astonishing amount of people participating.
As he entered the room, he saw 9 other people that he didn't bother to pay attention to. Damien was single-minded in this regard. Maybe this was the reason why he had rarely interacted with people who weren't attendants during the 4 months he had spent on Apeiron.
Once everyone was present, a middle-aged man entered the room and scanned the examiners with indifferent eyes, causing them to bow their heads in respect.
Well, all but one of them. However, the man didn't care much. He was used to arrogance, and it wouldn't be long before the kid was shown his place.
"Alright, you lot. Line up single file and come forward." The man said as he took out 2 stones from his spatial ring and placed them on the table in front of him.
"These are testing artifacts. The one on the left shows your age and the right shows your level. Come up and say your names before placing your hands on these stones one at a time. Everything else comes later."
The examiners followed his instructions and Damien, being the last to enter the room, went to the end of the line. Soon after, the first person went forward.
"H-hello senior, my name is Alex Hale." The kid said as he put his hand on the first artifact. Quickly, it glowed as the number 30 appeared on the stone. Next, he put his hand on the second artifact, which showed the number 50.
"Alex Hale 30 years old Level 50. Alright, go stand in the back and wait for the rest." Clearly, the man wasn't impressed by the results. Although the kid was above average, he was nowhere near close to being a genius. "Next!"
"Ava Trunks 25 years old Level 51"
"Wendell Ray 34 years old Level 43"
"Alan Wright 22 years old Level 57"
Slowly but surely, the other 9 individuals in the room finished their turns. Damien was honestly surprised about the ages and levels of these people. 2 of them were still at 1st class even though they were close to the disqualification age for the event.
However, not everyone could level up like Damien. Not even including his leveling speed, the speed by which he raised his physical stats was nothing less than heaven-defying. It was natural that most people would take many years to reach his level.
Even supreme geniuses like Katherine had been training since they were young. If anyone realized that Damien reached his current level in 2 years, they might even kill themselves from shame.
Finally, it was Damien's turn. The examiner honestly wasn't expecting much from the youth in front of him. He'd been observing the reactions of the people in the room, and this youth seemed to be surprised even by those at the peak of 1st class.
Annoyed, the examiner rushed him on. "Alright hurry up and tell me your name so we can finish this."
Damien hesitated for a moment, wondering if he should just give his surname like he did when he was adventuring, but ended up deciding against it.
First off, this was a school. It would just be weird to use an alias here. And second, he honestly stopped caring. No matter what, people wouldn't find any information on him before he arrived at Archdale, so there wasn't a reason to worry.
"Damien Void." He said as he placed his hand on the first stone.
Quickly, the number 19 appeared on its surface, surprising everyone in the room. It seemed that he was by far the youngest out of them all. However, their surprise wasn't even close to being over.
Just as he finished with the first stone, he did the same with the second stone. Instead of an immediate response like those that showed up for the others, the stone shuddered for a while before it could show his level.
He could feel a foreign energy invading his body which was most likely the method the artifact used to measure his level, but it was quickly devoured by his physique. Damien had almost forgotten about this specific quality since it barely showed itself anymore.
He devoured plenty of beasts for one reason or another, leading to his physique constantly receiving energy. However, the invasion of this energy seemed to stimulate it.
The stone began to glow, but soon, cracks began to appear on its surface. Damien was slightly panicking. He had never needed to control his physique nor had he ever found a method to do so.
In the next second, however, the commotion calmed down and the stone once again began to glow. Luckily, it seems his physique was satiated once more.
If the other examinees were surprised by his age or even the phenomena that occurred when he touched the stone, they were so shocked they almost fainted when they saw the number it portrayed.
Even the examiner's eyes widened in shock as he struggled to get the words out of his mouth.
"D-Damien Void Age 19 L-Level 75."
Damien was halfway to 3rd class.



Chapter 40 Academy 3
No words needed to be said. The results spoke for themself. For the next few minutes, the room was enveloped in silence as everyone stood in a daze.
Even Damien was surprised. He never bothered to check his status as he leveled up and put all his focus into improving his actual skills. It seemed he'd need to check it soon.
This continued until one of the other examinees lost his cool. "No! It has to be rigged! You all saw how the stone cracked before the number came out! He has to be lying!"
The crazed yelling snapped everyone out of their dazes. The one who yelled was Alex, who had just recently entered 2nd class at 30 years old. He couldn't believe that someone an entire decade younger than him was so far ahead. Lost in his madness, he brazenly attacked Damien.
Raising his hand, Alex shouted, "Heaven Sundering Palm Strike!"
A large palm composed of ferocious flames charged towards Damien, but it was nothing more than a party trick to him. He was making unfair comparisons though. The last flame attack he had seen was from a genuine 3rd class being. How could someone who was barely 2nd class compare?
But Damien was angry. He wasn't angry at being attacked nor was he angry at being looked down on. Rather…
"What the hell is up with your cringe ass naming sense! It's literally in the wrong world type! Also why the hell are you screaming out your attack name like an idiot?! Aren't you embarrassed?!" Damien roared.
He was raging at the naming sense of this kid. It brought out Damien's suppressed childhood memories of when he got too into cultivation novels and would attempt to summon attacks by screaming things like "Heaven-Collapsing Strike!" In his backyard for the whole neighborhood to hear.
The unlocking of his black history sent him into a rage and rather than just swatting away the attack as he'd normally do, he made an actual move. He pulled back his fist and let out a ferocious punch in the direction of the oncoming attack.
The punch was so brutal that it caused winds to form and swirl within the private room, as when these swirling winds met the flame palm, they turned into a raging fire tornado.
"Hmph!" With a cold harrumph, Damien flicked his finger, and the flame tornado that was still charging towards him abruptly moved in the opposite direction like it was in a pinball machine.
The sudden turn of events took everyone off guard and before they could move, the flame tornado consumed the terrified Alex. When it subsided, all that was left was a charred and broken body.
Although Alex was still alive, he wasn't going to be able to function as a living being anymore without the help of something on the same level as Elixir.
Witnessing the scene he had just caused, Damien turned his head away and started whistling. "Oops." He said as he muttered under his breath, "well if it wasn't for his stupid naming sense pissing me off he probably would've gotten off easier."
The other examinees were drenched in a cold sweat while the examiner looked at Damien with an interested gaze. Unlike them, he was able to clearly see what happened. 'This young man is a spatial mage…no, perhaps he has even stepped into the master level!"
The people of Apeiron used a specific system to measure the level of control one had over their affinity.
This system was completely separate from classes, as one's control only improved with constant practice, insight, and talent. Though, more mana was needed at each stage, leading to class still being important to improve control.
From the beginning, it was Apprentice, Mage, Master, Grandmaster, and Saint.
The apprentice level signifies someone who had just stepped onto the path of understanding their affinity, such as Alex who could only create a simple palm out of fire.
The mage level signifies when one breaks through those figurative shackles and begins to construct various different uses for their affinities, such as Damien's lightning boost or Katherine's illusions.
The Master level is where a true change occurs. At this level, one looks past the surface and becomes abstruse in the use of their affinity. Damien's vector control is an example of this. It isn't a classic space ability, rather it uses space as a medium to affect laws of physics and whatnot.
The Grandmaster level is more of a title, given to those who have completely mastered the abstruse use of their affinity that they specialized in. When one reaches Grandmaster level control, they can create a domain where they become the sole ruler and king.
As for the Saint level? The information regarding it was strictly kept by those 4th class beings of the world. Nobody knew exactly what being a Saint entailed, but it was rumored that affinities evolve into something completely new when one reaches this level of control.
For Damien to be at the Master level at such a young age, the examiner didn't even want to think about how much talent he had. Making his decision, he finally spoke.
"Okay. You have already proved your skill to me. Take this token and exit the hall. Someone will be waiting to explain the rest. Also, tell them to come inside once they're finished. I need help with something."
He was naturally referring to Alex, who was just a living corpse at this point.
He tossed a circular token to Damien before turning to the other examinees. "As for the rest of you, it's time to have a short battle with me so you can prove your skill."
Damien didn't stay to watch and quickly went to find the person who was waiting outside. It seemed that she wasn't prepared to have a guest so soon after the examination started, so she fumbled a bit before handing over a pamphlet and a card to Damien.
"This pamphlet outlines everything you need to know about the academy as a new student. As for the card, it is your student identification."
Seeing the confused look on Damien's face, she explained further.
"The artifacts you used for testing already scanned your mana signature, so as long as you infuse your mana into the card, your name and rank will appear on it. It'll also lead you to the specific area you need to go to for lodging and classes."
Nodding his head, Damien promptly left the examination building as the girl entered the testing room.
When she got inside, everything looked normal besides the charred corpse on the ground. She let out a short yelp before regaining her bearings. Unfortunately, the noise had attracted everyone's attention.
The examiner then addressed her.
"Good, you're here. Take that kid away from here and send him wherever he needs to go, that's not important. It seems we have another candidate for supreme genius entering the academy. Notify the elders so they can keep watch on him. It's the boy that sent you in here. His name is Damien Void."
The girl's face paled slightly when she heard this news. A supreme genius candidate? And she had just waved him off like some average student! As she dragged the breathing corpse of Alex out of the room, she prayed that Damien wasn't offended by her attitude.
 Meanwhile, Damien peacefully walked through Zenith City while enjoying the sights. He had long forgotten about the girl in question. Finding a nice park, Damien sat on a bench and enjoyed the cool spring breeze as he read through the pamphlet he was given.
The academy, at the end of the day, was still a school. Even though he was here because of the Nexus Event, he still had to attend at least one class during his stay. Recalling the mention of a Great War by the broker he had visited, Damien chose history.
If the war was a potential flag as he suspected it to be, he needed to be prepared in case he got swept up in the storm.
Next, he read over the various facilities contained within the academy. There was a myriad of different choices that were based on affinity, and to enter the higher level and more beneficial training environments, he needed premium points.
Premium points were the school's version of currency, and they could be earned by doing various tasks to benefit the school and by taking missions from the school's version of an adventurers guild.
However, even this could be avoided. He just needed to find a high-level figure to either sponsor him or take him as a disciple and they could gain him access to these facilities.
The reason this was important to Damien was simple. Unlike what he would have expected, the school had a training environment for spatial affinity users. Once again he saw Kurt's name. It seemed he was an important figure at the school and had personally built the training ground.
'If I'm not wrong, that Kurt guy must have left another subspace within that training environment. Knowing his eccentric behavior it'll be annoying as hell to enter, but it'll be extremely beneficial to me. I must find a way to enter this space.'
Little did he know, it would be much easier than he thought.



Chapter 41 Meeting 1
2 weeks passed at the academy, but Damien hadn't achieved anything special. Besides having to attend a single class once a week, his life wasn't that different from when he was an adventurer.
Zenith City functioned based on normal currency rather than premium points, so Damien was able to get himself a quiet house to live and practice in.
Premium points were used for facilities and the treasury, basically for anything needed to increase power. This was to incentivize students without stressing them. If premium points were required for housing and the likes, there would be much more chaos in the academy. Especially because there wasn't any monthly allowance system.
The history class Damien had enrolled in was extremely boring and reminded him of world history classes back in high school. So far, there had been no talk of the Great War and all the history focused on the human domain and it's development since the induction of mana.
When he wasn't in class, Damien was back in his routine of constant work. He'd find any beast slaying mission he could and complete it. Every once in a while, he'd go on collection missions as well. The reason he didn't particularly like these was because they were incredibly easy for him, who could teleport, and didn't help him improve.
Right now, his issue was how to spend his premium points. There were many interesting potions and treasures in the academy treasury that he could buy, but most of them wouldn't really help him. His physical stats were too high for potions meant for 1st and 2nd classes and his mana capacity was even higher.
The only option left for him was to use the lightning training grounds. He was genuinely disappointed in the development of his lightning affinity, but he never really put time into improving it. With the rapid improvements of his spatial affinity there was no need to.
However, Damien had now reached a roadblock in developing his spatial affinity. He knew which path he should take to further his vector control, but he didn't have anywhere to go after that. His 3rd class couldn't stay as vector controller after all. So, he decided to switch his focus and hope that it would grant him new ideas.
He had long since given up on being creative in his uses of lightning. The only goal he had at this moment was to make it extremely destructive.
He had also realized that his vector control could be used to enhance his lightning. He decided to train this aspect within the training area as it was specifically meant for lightning affinity users. Plus, he was curious about what these training grounds really were.
The academy was structured similar to a University on earth, making it essentially its own small city within Zenith City. Damien had plenty of trouble navigating at first, but the pamphlet he was given had a map as well, so he just opted to use that to get around.
After walking for half an hour, Damien arrived in front of one of the largest buildings in the city. This building was shaped like a massive pyramid that pierced the clouds. It was the location of every training ground the academy possessed.
When he entered, however, he saw a hall the size of a normal 2 story building without any of the steam age characteristics of the pyramid. Although confused, he just continued forward and registered himself for the lightning training grounds.
There were 3 options available to him. First was the basic training ground, second was something called "Lightning Valley, and finally was "Thunder Mountain". Their prices were 10. 100, and 500 premium points respectively.
Looking at his student ID card, he saw the number '644' written next to the premium point section. Satisfied, he picked the highest option. He had no use for premium points beside using this facility, so he didn't care about his expenditure.
 The receptionist was surprised by his choice, but said nothing. He pushed a button on his station and led Damien to a door behind the desk. When the door was opened, Damien sensed slight spatial fluctuations, making him realize the truth behind the building. 
It was composed of many subspaces that catered to various affinities. The unique shape of the building most likely related to how the subspaces were sectioned off and the button was most likely to choose which subspace the door would connect to.
Entering the door, Damien was immediately greeted by a thick bolt of lightning that tried to strike him down, but before it could, he had teleported away. Turning around, Damien noticed that the door had disappeared. He then felt a ping from his ID card.
Taking it out, he noticed that the words on its surface had changed.
Damien Void
Thunder Mountain
Time remaining: 71 hours 59 minutes 55 seconds
To exit early, inject mana into your Student ID card.
It was plain and simple, but he understood the point. A verbal explanation for every new student would be a hassle, so this system was much more efficient. It could also be used for those who already knew the rules.
Now that he had taken care of that, Damien finally got a chance to look at his surroundings. The name Thunder Mountain wasn't an exaggeration in the slightest.
The ground around him was already on a slope and in front of him stood one of the biggest mountains he had ever seen. It was larger than even Mt. Everest on earth, standing proud at 10,000 meters. It's peak was shrouded in dark clouds just like the rest of the sky.
There was nothing besides this mountain within the subspace. The entire area was constantly being struck by lightning bolts, with even the smallest ones being thicker than an arm. It seemed that the father one climbed up the mountain, the stronger the lightning would get.
Just looking at this lightning gave Damien insights towards increasing his destructive power. Everywhere it landed there would be havoc, with some rocks even disintegrating on contact. However, Damien could see much deeper than the normal person.
He could see the rampaging lightning mana that ran through the ground like snakes, and he could see the highly compressed mana within the clouds. The purple colored mana even permeated the air in the surroundings, everything within this space was supercharged with electricity. Damien smiled as he looked towards the peak of the mountain.
"Let's hope the lightning up there isn't as painful as evolution." Leaving these words, Damien began a rapid climb to the peak.
3 days later, Damien could be seen on the peak of Thunder mountain surrounded by volatile black lightning. Natural purple lightning as thick as a telephone pole constantly attempted to strike him down, but to no avail.
When it met the black lightning surrounding Damien, they'd go through huge clashes, leading to chunks of the mountain peak being dislodged and causing landslides.
However, he had only been training for 3 days. There was no way he would have advanced enough to ward off every bolt of lightning that was aimed at him.
Very often, tens of lightning bolts would breach his own lightning defense and charge towards his body. While half of these would be deflected by his vector field, the other half were allowed to directly strike his body.
This was because Damien had discovered something interesting. The lightning mana within this space could be devoured by his Void Physique to increase his comprehension.
This absorption was the only reason he was even able to contend in quality with the lightning at the peak.
The berserk natural lighting mana that entered his body rampaged, attempting to fry his organs and blood, but it was quickly tamed by the devouring force that emanated from his physique. The lightning filled essence was then purified and sent back into his body to nourish it rather than to destroy.
Suddenly, the Damien's eyes snapped open. Still seated, he let out a bestial roar into this sky. And as expected, this roar was accompanied by a massive whirlpool like beam that escaped his mouth.
The difference between this breath and the usual, however, was that the lightning that usually just danced around the spatial storm was actually integrated inside it.
While the spatial storm tore through everything in its path and mutilated it's targets, the lightning now followed its attack, incinerating everything that could've stayed intact after the initial damage.
After spending a few minutes roaring with abandon, Damien smiled and checked his status.
'Status'
Status
Damien Void
Half-HumanHalf-Beast
Male - Age 19
Level 75 - Vector Controller, Lightning Mage
Experience value: 78,45080,000
Title(s): •••••••, Bearer of the Void Physique, Evolver
Affinities: Space, Lightning
Physique: Void Physique
Magic Power: 3900
STR: 275
AGI: 290
DEF: 265
INT: 250
DEX: 290
Skills: Warp Level 5, Spatial Control Level 7, High-Level Regeneration Level Max, Sword Mastery Level Max, Mana Sense Level 8, Devour Level 5, Vector Control Level 6, Lightning Magic Level Max, Inventory
Trait(s): Shock Absorption, All-Seeing Eyes Level 3, Dragon's Breath
There weren't many changes to his status since he had last checked it in Kurt's subspace besides his long-forgotten subclass.
His physical stats and mana capacity had only increased by leveling, as he hadn't found any particularly special beasts that granted him massive gains like he did in the dungeon. The time he spent slaying beasts on the surface truly accentuated how special the dungeon was.
Besides that, a few of his skills had leveled up a small amount and his spatial magic had evolved into vector control. The change that he was excited to see, however, was that his lightning magic, which had been stuck at level 6 for the longest time, had finally achieved max level.
According to the control stages he had recently learned of, he should still be in the Mage level, but he wasn't far from reaching the Master level. All he needed to do was find more abstract applications for his lightning.
Checking his ID card, he noticed that his time within the training ground was over. The door had reappeared at the bottom of the mountain, and Damien directly teleported to it.
Thinking that he should use this facility more often, Damien exited the door with a smile on his face. Upon his return to the reception area, though, Damien was greeted with a taunting and familiar voice.
"Oh, look who we have here! What's with that stunned face? Don't tell me you missed me so much that you're too stunned to speak!"



Chapter 42 Meeting 2
"Oh, look who we have here! What's with that face? Don't tell me you missed me so much that you're too stunned to speak!"
In front of Damien stood a familiar pink haired ruby eyed girl. Compared to the first time they met, Damien had to admit that she was much more attractive now.
Last time, she was wearing plain clothes as if to disguise her status, but today, she was dressed up like Damien.
She had on a sleeveless top with silver patterns running along its surface and a pair of pants that matched. Her shoes were a pair of black boots. Although it wasn't flashy, it was oriented for combat, and coincidentally matched Damien.
 Looking at her curvaceous figure, Damien ended up stunned for a second, only to instinctively respond in kind.
"Yeah yeah I missed you so much, but I wonder who it was that couldn't wait to see me and waited eagerly for me at the door?"
Katherine, still in disguise, was also momentarily stunned. Even if she had a slight transformation from their last meeting, Damien's was outrageous.
From his outfit to his neatly tied hair to the cross-shaped earring hanging from his ear, he looked like a completely different person.
She also had a gnawing feeling that he was looking straight into her ruby eyes, completely unaffected by her disguise.
"Well," Damien said in a questioning tone, "are we going to keep crowding in front of the door, or are you cool with leaving?"
Katherine similarly snapped out of her daze as her face was colored red. In reality, she had also just come out of the door from the wind training ground and happened to see Damien exit after her. In her rush to tease him, she had forgotten that they hadn't moved.
As the two continued trying to get the upper hand on one another, they exited the pyramid and headed to a cafe. It had been 3 months since they last talked so there was plenty to catch up on.
***
Within a certain office in the academy, a middle-aged man with black hair and red eyes looked down from his balcony, his gaze seemingly seeing past the various structures that inhibited it.
"Ohoho, what an interesting duo. Especially that boy. It seems I should keep an eye on him."
The training grounds were secluded areas that most people couldn't peak into when they were occupied, but this didn't apply to everyone. The man was an exception to that privacy rule.
"Ohoho, the elders are already scrambling to see who they should train for the upcoming event. Maybe I should get involved this year as well. After all, this is a special occasion."
The man smiled as he went back to his desk, quietly continuing his work as he thought about the upcoming event.
***
Meanwhile, Damien and Katherine had just finished eating and catching up about the past 3 months. Zara had also left the shadows to join them. As they walked around the academy, their conversation landed on the Nexus Event.
"So, you're participating, right? Or are you perhaps some old fogey pretending to be young?" Katherine asked, still attempting to win their teasing match.
"Please," Damien scoffed, "I'm 19 right now I'm naturally a young and handsome genius ready to compete. If anything, aren't you the old fogey here?"
"Hmph! Didn't anyone tell you that it's rude to ask a lady her age? Besides I'm not even that much older than you!" Katherine pouted but she was inwardly surprised.
She was turning 21 this year, making her a year older than Damien and she had one of the best nurturing environments one could hope for.
Thinking this far, she couldn't help but wonder what his background was, but whenever the topic came up, he'd brush it off and change it.
"Anyway, I'm going all the way to the top in this event, so you better make it there too. I've been wanting to fight you since the moment we met." Damien continued.
Katherine nodded her head with an eager look in her eyes. Although they could easily fight at any time, she understood his sentiment. In 5 months, they'd have immensely improved both their techniques and levels.
Also, from Damien's words, it seems he wanted to fight for the 1st and 2nd place positions, which made it even more exciting. Just thinking about it made her blood pump as her eyes filled with motivation.
"You're right! I can't waste any time on a loser like you. It seems I should go back to training." Not even waiting for a response, Katherine ran off.
Damien smilingly shook his head. 'Well, I have to agree with her on that one. Training is what's most important for these next 5 months. Besides the tournament, that secret realm sounds like a lot of fun. I have a lot of preparing to do.'
Damien hopped on Zara's back as they flew out of the academy. He was going to train his sword art, so he needed open space.
He didn't want to cause damage in the academy and be forced to pay for it. However, neither Damien nor Zara noticed a third presence tailing them with interest.
Reaching a secluded forest, Damien hopped off Zara's back and pulled out his sword.
"Zara, I'll be staying here for a while so don't worry about me. You've been staying in my shadow and letting me take all the rewards for the missions we've been going on. Go get stronger while I'm here, I'll wait for you and leave once you're back."
Indeed, regardless of whether it was as an adventurer or student, Damien had always prioritized beast-slaying quests, and Zara never took any rewards. The bodies needed to be presented as proof of completion, so she didn't have any time to gain strength.
After nodding at Damien gratefully and nuzzling up to him for a bit, Zara vanished into the woods.
Damien kept his sword in his hands and sat down on the ground cross-legged. 'It's not yet time for me to create the 4th step, but I have plenty of improvement to do for the first 3 steps.'
Every use of his sword art had been catered towards mass destruction. He had never considered other uses of the art. Even chaining from one step to another was an unexplored concept.
Hypothetically, if he could limit the effects of the 3rd step, spatial collapse, and use it to restrain the target in a locked space, it would immensely benefit the 1st and 2nd steps.
Likewise, if he used the 2nd step, dance of the void, and used the first step, bladeless, as a finisher, it could be a devastating attack.
His sword art wasn't some structured masterpiece that exponentially increased in power when one move was chained to the next, rather it was more apt to call it a compilation of his achievements in the sword path.
This made it so each move had a great deal of individuality, and there was immense potential for multiple combinations and chains. Damien only needed to work out the details.
He had a feeling that once he completed this step and made this compilation into a true art, his sword mastery would finally evolve into something new.
He sat there like a statue for 3 days without moving a single muscle, but every once in a while, the space around him would contort and collapse, while at other times his sword would randomly vanish.
But throughout this process, only a small amount of damage was done to the surroundings.
At the end of those 3 days, Damien slowly stood up with his eyes still closed. He began moving slowly, but as time passed his speed picked up.
He looked like he was performing a one-man show as he danced with abandon alone in the forest.
His sword was kept in fluid motion as small areas of the land kept disappearing without a sound.
As his speed reached its climax, a change occurred. Every 5 moves of his dance, his sword would flicker and deep gashes were created in the lush ground.
However, unlike the massive chunks that were damaged when he usually used the 1st step, these gashes were strictly linear and concentrated. The damage was more pronounced in its depth than its width.
Damien kept his dance going for 4 weeks, every once in a while stopping when he ran out of mana and going back into contemplating the fusion he was attempting.
In the first and second week, his dance was accompanied by the gashes created by the first step, but on the third and fourth, those gashes stopped appearing altogether.
Instead, space would contort and thicken, causing the tree branches that were swaying in the wind created by his movements to abruptly pause for a second before they continued their movement.
By the end of the fourth week, each swing of his was accompanied by a constricting pressure that disallowed any escape from his blade.
Falling leaves were stopped in place and directly cut by his sword, and trees were split in half with their trunks being unable to fall over.
When Damien finally stopped moving, many of the trees in his vicinity fell in different directions as the spatial locks disappeared.
Damien's shirtless figure was covered head to toe in sweat. Although he had always trained himself intensively, this time he had gone without pause for over a month.
The only time he stopped was when he ran out of mana, but even then he was pushing his brain to contemplate the fusion he was performing.
But his efforts were rewarding. He hadn't been completely successful in learning how to fluidly switch between and combine the steps of his sword art, but he had made good progress.
Looking at the surrounding environment, Damien noticed that Zara wasn't back yet so he decided to once again work on refining his vector control, when all of a sudden, he heard the sound of clapping coming from behind him.
"That was a truly impressive showing, young man."



Chapter 43 Meeting 3
A storm.
This was the best way to describe the scene Damien saw when he turned around. A raging storm of crimson magic power that looked like a sea of blood.
Without a second thought, Damien immediately teleported hundreds of meters away and release his own amethyst magic power. However, in front of that blood sea, his magic power was like a tiny boat swaying with the wind.
Still, he didn't panic. Although the middle-aged man in front of him was extremely powerful, he didn't sense any hostile intent coming from him. Damien didn't let his guard down though. This was someone who could kill him with a single smack.
"Who are you?" Damien questioned as he glared at the man vigilantly.
 The man smiled. "Ohoho, you are indeed a feisty young man. Don't worry about who I am for now, just come at me with your full strength. If not, you might end up dead."
Without another word, he disappeared from his spot. Before Damien could even register what happened, he was flying backward with such force that the trees behind him were crushed on contact with his body.
'I've felt this once before.' The last time Damien felt this sensation of his brain being unable to keep up with the movement of his body was when he was thrown into the dungeon all those years ago.
The cause? Naturally, it was a massive difference in strength. Damien no longer had the time to care about motive or identity. He couldn't even flee from someone whose strength was so far above his. He could only retaliate or as the man said, he'd die.
It was only after he had flown for a kilometer or so like a broken kite that he managed to stabilize himself. His back was covered in a cold sweat. The only reason he was still uninjured was simply that the man in front of him didn't seem to have any intention to hurt him with that strike.
Damien promptly drew his sword and coated it with black lightning, warping directly in front of the man and slashing down. The man smiled lightly as he raised his hand to block the incoming sword. However, Damien didn't pay it any mind.
'Obviously, this old man is testing me or something. Who knew I'd get into a classic cultivation scenario in a fantasy world'
Damien figured that this old man was some powerhouse who had witnessed his training and decided to have some entertainment. If that was the case, it was Damien's job to impress. Maybe he could gain some benefits that way.
Damien smirked. If there was one thing he was confident in, it was his fighting ability. Without wasting time, he began performing his Dance of the Void while circling the man. For the first time, the small spatial tears and distortions created by the technique weren't able to banish anything to the void.
The man kept leisurely watching Damien move while easily blocking all of his moves with a single hand. Damien was getting fed up. As he danced around the man attempting to inflict any wound he could, he used his other hand to lightly flick the air. Each time he flicked, molecules were forced to vibrate and plasma began generating.
Then, those beams of plasma shot towards the man from every direction. He also decided to stop conserving mana and wantonly attacked with various techniques. Still, nothing worked on the man.
Huge rifts created by 'bladeless' were unceremoniously shattered, and as space collapsed and twisted, the man simply stood there unharmed. Beams of plasma kept firing, and at some point were amplified by volatile lightning, but all to no avail.
It had been around an hour since Damien had started his attempt to harm this old man, but he hadn't been able to make the man budge even a single step. Damien's mana reserves quickly depleted. He was fighting much more recklessly than he usually did, but that wasn't for no reason.
At some point, he stopped seeing this as a bid to impress the man in front of him, rather he had found a target who could withstand everything he threw at it. A perfect training dummy, if you will.
Damien simply continued practicing combination attacks with his sword art and vector control as he circled the man continuously, every once in a while making distance and sending sword waves and thick lightning bolts. And 3 hours later, Damien ran out of steam.
He smiled to himself as he thought of the improvements he'd made in the past 4 hours.
Although the man didn't budge from his spot, the pressure of knowing his target could kill him at any time had pushed him forward. Frankly, Damien missed this feeling of death looming over his head.
Suddenly, a voice rang out. "Alright, now that that's over, how about we see if you can survive this one attack of mine"
Damien, in his excitement, had forgotten that the man was a living being and not a training dummy.
When he looked up, the man was still standing calmly, however, the winds in the area had begun whipping violently.
At first, he thought the man was a wind affinity user, but looking at the sky, he realized his mistake.
Similar to the scene he had seen at Thunder Mountain, volatile black clouds rumbled in the air. The lightning within those clouds, however, was much worse than those of Thunder Mountain, in addition, it was also crimson in color.
The lightning danced wildly before gathering at the spot above Damien's head, and then, they sped down to smite him.
Damien could feel that if he was struck by that lightning, he'd be severely injured if not dead. Everything seemed to stop as the only things left in the world were Damien and the red lightning that attempted to reap his life.
Closing his eyes, Damien breathed in until his lungs couldn't contain any more air.
The man stood watching this spectacle with interest. The boy in front of him truly was amusing.
He had charged forward without hesitation even knowing he couldn't beat his opponent, he had used someone exponentially stronger than him as a training dummy, and now in the face of death, he had closed his eyes.
The man knew this wasn't the resignation that most people would feel at this moment, rather it was preparation for something. He was honestly impressed most by Damien's guts and his will.
The thought of battling this boy when he reached the same level managed to make the man's blood boil, something he hadn't felt in many years.
He smiled and continued observing, preparing to intervene if anything went wrong, but as the milliseconds ticked by, his brows became increasingly furrowed. Even now, the boy was still inhaling as if to fill his lungs with as much air as he could.
From his observation, this boy had space and lightning affinities, so what use would breathing be? However, he didn't have to wait long for his answer.
As the lightning reached halfway to Damien, his eyes snapped open, and without missing a beat, he opened his mouth.
A huge roar that surpassed any mere beast erupted from the mouth of a human.
Even the sound waves produced by this roar were enough to obliterate the environment around Damien. The ground shattered and caved, the trees flew in all directions, and the lush grass that covered the ground was reduced to ashes.
Out of Damien's mouth came a beam of black light that had the thickness of a small tree trunk. Different from his usual breath that was more like a spatial storm, this one was a beam of destruction.
There was no distinction between lightning and space, as they melded and fused into something greater. However, Damien was unaware of this. In his last-ditch attempt to survive, he had used up every last bit of mana he had in his system and ended up passing out on his feet.
Two beams met in the sky, and the world was painted black and red. From the sky to the clouds was a massive lightning storm that could rip even a peak 3rd class being to shreds in an instant.
And from the ground up? Pure destruction.
The blackness was thick enough to block all of one's senses, and space had completely shattered into pieces.
The broken trees and ground in the surroundings had already been banished to the void as black lightning wantonly shot through the air and sundered everything that still existed, creating countless massive craters.
If one saw this scene, one would truly believe the world was ending.
The man had long since grabbed Damien and escaped from the area of the collision. Although he could survive, he wasn't sure he could say the same for Damien.
A few kilometers away, on top of a mountain peak, he stood and admired the chaos they had caused. Shifting his gaze to Damien, he couldn't help but admire the kid.
He knew that the attack he had released was subconsciously put together, but whatever that power was, it was extremely dangerous.
Even if he had lowered the intensity of the lightning to the peak of 3rd class, it wasn't something a 2nd class should ever completely block. He had at most expected Damien to offset some of the damage before he had to step in and save him.
He smiled to himself once more. "Interesting! Interesting indeed. The kid's destructive power is great, but he has plenty to improve on. Haha, I'm excited to see the looks on those elders' faces when I'm finished with him."
Deciding to keep up his identity as a mysterious senior, the man chose to leave while Damien was still unconscious.
But before he did, he left a circular golden-black token on Damien's chest along with a small note made with his mana.
"Kid, if you ever want to use that spatial training ground at the academy, take this token to the disciplinary building and hand it to the elder there. Next time we meet, we'll have some more fun."



Chapter 44 Token 1
By the time Damien woke up, the sun had already set. His eyes fluttered open and he realized he was resting on Zara, who had returned a few hours ago, rather than collapsed on the floor.
He learned from Zara that she had returned to the spot he was training after she finished her hunt, only to find pure devastation. Luckily, they had their link. Through this, Zara was able to locate Damien before herPanic set in and also feel that he was safe.
As she recounted the events on her side, Damien smiled wryly. The moments before he fainted started rPlaying in his head. For the first time in almost 3 years, he had been completely and utterly defeated. There wasn't even a chance for him to win.
He had truly been humbled by the experience. Recently, he had begun slightly looking down on this world, as the only person he'd met who could match him even slightly was Katherine, but today proved to him that there were many hidden masters around the world.
Only after ruminating over this point for a while did Damien realize the slight weight on his chest. Grabbing the object, Damien found the token and note that was left for him. His eyes slowly widened as he read its contents.
'No wonder that old man took an interest in me. It turns out he's one of the higher-ups in the academy. Who would've thought that the elders would have such power.'
His wry smile grew as he put on a set of clothes and hopped on Zara's back.
As they took off, they flew over the site of Damien's last battle, leaving him extremely shocked. When Zara had said devastation, he thought she meant the gashes and craters from his assault, but he was sorely mistaken.
The whole area was like a wasteland where life couldn't grow anymore and craters littered the cracked earth. The living greenery only existed over a kilometer away from the crux of the battle. 'What the hell happened here? Because I for sure didn't cause this.'
Damien remembered the final lightning attack the old man had sent at him, but his memory blacked out after that. 'Did I pass out and force him to save me from his attack? If he caused all this destruction on his own, how strong is he really?'
But he truly couldn't be mad at the old man's appearance. Even if he was slightly humbled, he improved immensely through the fight, if it could even be called that.
He was much closer to the fluidity he had been seeking, and he even felt that he had slightly touched on something greater. However, no matter how much he tried to remember what that something was, he couldn't.
Slowly but surely, Damien and Zara reached their abode in the academy. What greeted them was the yelling of a certain girl.
"Hey! Where have you been for the past 4 weeks? I've been looking all over for you!"
Once again Damien was forced to smile wryly. The original plan was to be back in a week, but both he and Zara had gotten too into their training and forgotten the flow of time.
"Yeah, sorry about that. We were out training. So? How does the little princess want us to compensate her?" Damien teased.
Katherine blushed at his form of address but knew he wasn't serious. "Hmph! You owe me dinner and conversation for the next week! If you skimp me on this I might just move in and annoy you to death!"
Damien shook his head. This girl seemed intent on intruding on his prPerty no matter what. Even in that short amount of time they'd met each other before they went their separate ways to train, she had forced him to give her his address.
Walking into the house with Katherine and Zara, Damien immediately plopped down on the couch. "Fine fine you can do whatever you want, but if you want to eat here you're cooking. I don't have that kind of skill."
Katherine rolled her eyes but still went to the kitchen. She had been trained in various arts by her family, not just in combat. Her cooking skills were excellent. As she started cooking, Damien decided to rant about the encounter he had while training.
"You wouldn't believe what happened to me earlier. I actually got beat up by some random old man who's apparently from the academy. He just showed up out of nowhere and started beating me up!"
Katherine's eyes widened. Someone capable of beating Damien up had to be immensely strong. However, she didn't voice this opinion as she had already gotten a taste of his shamelessness earlier.
"So MrPerfect finally got his ass handed to him, huh. How's it feel? You gonna cry?"
"Why would I cry?" Damien responded with a grin. "That old man gave me access to the spatial training ground as a reward. Even that crazy guy thinks I'm awesome, see?"
Damien pulled out the token he had been given and waved it in her face to brag. Although he'd been humbled, change wasn't something that happened in an instant.
Besides, shamelessness was a personality trait he possessed even before his fall. It was ingrained in his bones.
Rolling her eyes, Katherine looked up at the token Damien was holding before her eyes widened in shock and she drPped the knife she was holding. "Y-y-you bastard! Tell me right now what did that old man look like?"
Damien was confused by the sudden change in her behavior but obediently described the man's appearance.
"Hmm, he was a middle-aged man with purple hair and red eyes, his build was kinda big, but he obviously can't compare to me. Also, he used red lightning to attack. You should've seen his magic power. It seriously looked like a sea of blood."
The more he talked, the more shocked Katherine became. She knew the identity of the man Damien had met but decided not to tell him. It'd be fun to see how he reacts when he finds out.
 "He must be a pretty high-ranking elder then. Those tokens aren't something just anyone can give out." 
Katherine lied with a straight face. She then continued cooking as if nothing happened as the two continued to banter and talk about various subjects.
Soon, the food was ready. Arriving at the table, Damien was genuinely surprised. It was beast meat and something that looked like rice with assorted vegetables. A simple but refined meal. Taking his first bite, he almost melted on the spot.
"Wow! You weren't kidding about your cooking skills. This is wifey-level skill right here for sure! Someone needs to wife you up ASAP!" Damien sang his praises before quickly adding, "not me though."
Katherine was happy with his praise and even slightly blushed at the talk of wifing her up, but hearing the last part of the sentence her mood immediately fell.
"Hmph hmph! Guess someone never wants to eat my cooking again. Zara, you come here. It's all us girls now since a certain someone wants to be cheeky."
Smirking at Damien, Zara pranced over to Katherine before getting comfortable at her side. Damien's mouth was agape seeing this scene.
'Why is Zara walking like a pretentious anime girl? Wait since when did she even learn how to walk like that? Is this the so-called 'girl power' that even spans the racial and communication barriers to team up against unsuspecting men like me?'
Quickly realizing that he'd get nowhere if he didn't correct himself, Damien hurriedly responded. "Okay fine! I would love to marry you, oh beautiful Katherine. Now continue making me food, okay?"
Naturally, the food was his main objective. It was too good for him to be forced to stop eating it for such a small mistake.
"Good that you know! Oh, by the way, I don't want to marry you so you can keep all that talk to yourself." Katherine said with a smirk.
Damien was endlessly sighing in his heart. If she didn't care in the first place, why did she have to bring it up? He guessed that this was an irrational woman thing that he'd never understand, only to pause his train of thought as two murderous glares landed on him.
Cold sweat drenched his body. 'Devils. They're truly devils who can read my mind.' The whole situation was so bizarre to him, who was terrible at social contact, that he forgot that one of them could genuinely read his mind.
After that stunt, their dinner continued with more laughing and joking before Katherine left back to her abode. Before departing though, she had also left him a message.
"You should head over to the disciplinary building with that token right away. Something tells me that there'll be an interesting surprise waiting for you there."
Damien was put off by the suspicious and sly smile on her face but decided to heed her advice. He had an inkling of her status, so if she was saying it'd be a surprise, it'd definitely be worth it.
Since he had already gotten ample rest after he passed out, Damien couldn't sleep. He decided to ruminate over his gains from the past 4 weeks before heading over with the token in the morning.
'Sigh, what does that old man have planned for me this time?'



Chapter 45 Token 2
The disciplinary building was only 5 minutes from the pyramid containing the training grounds so Damien didn't have any problem locating it.
This building was a normal rectangular 2 story building attached to a separate smaller building that seemed to be a prison of some sort. Entering the building, Damien was faced with many students of all ages walking around and doing their jobs.
A few were even dealing with other students who seemed to have been brought in due to violations.
Damien quizzically watched these activities and mentally compared them to police stations back on earth. The processes were mainly the same, only the disciplinary officers in the academy had much more prestige than cops.
Keeping order in the academy was a job that could get you a continuous supply of premium points, so it was naturally sought after by many. But there were strict criteria and evaluations necessary before one could be accepted, leading it to be extremely desired by the students.
"Admission trials for the officer position officially ended a week ago, so there's no need to look around." A strict feminine voice snapped him out of his thoughts.
Damien looked over and saw a tall blonde girl with green eyes looking at him with annoyance.
"Hm? I don't want any position here. Anyway, where's the elder that runs this place? I was told to come see him." He responded, ignoring her irritated tone.
Hearing his request, the girl's expression shifted to disdain. "If you were planning to lie then at least come up with a better one. Everyone knows that Elder Blanc is a woman!"
Damien shrugged. "I want to see her, then. Is that better?"
This further infuriated the girl. "This is the disciplinary office! No random hobo off the side of the street can come here and act as they please! Leave now before I use force!"
Damien rolled his eyes. 'What's with the cultivation novel scenarios I keep getting myself into? Isn't this supposed to be a fantasy world?'
He had no intention to go through a whole 'misunderstanding and face-slapping' situation so he just stopped bickering and pulled out the token he was given. "Here, take this and quit your yapping."
Seeing something fly at her, the girl was about to attack but stopped when she noticed what it was. Carefully catching the token, she observed it as carefully as she could.
It was an intricately carved circular token filled with black and gold colors. On its surface was an image of a 9 headed serpent, a hydra. Seeing this, the girl stopped in her tracks.
"W-where did you get this?" She asked in a shaky voice.
"I fought an old man and he gave it to me afterward with a note telling me to come see an elder here. Now do you believe me or does this have to get annoying?"
The girl quickly shook her head. No matter how much she wanted to claim that the token was fake so she could cause problems for the annoying guy in front of her, she couldn't.
There was a limited amount of these tokens forged in the first place, and although people had attempted to forge them, there was a secret mana signature embedded in each true token that proved its authenticity.
Her face flushed in shame, the girl quickly ran to the 2nd floor of the building, seemingly going to grab the elder. With the authenticity of the token proven, she couldn't mess with Damien anymore unless she wanted to get expelled from the disciplinary squad or worse the academy itself.
On the 2nd floor, the girl ran to a certain door and knocked furiously.
"Come in."
Gaining permission, the girl entered the room with shaky hands. Upon entering, she saw a beautiful middle-aged woman with black hair and cold blue eyes leaning over a desk.
Although this woman could be said to look older, she had in no way lost her beauty. She had a figure that could make countless men fall for her with a single glance. This was the Disciplinary head, Elder Rosary Blanc.
Seeing who entered the room, her gaze softened slightly. "What is it, little Lana? Was there a problem that you couldn't solve on your own?"
Lana slightly nodded before shaking her head. Even after many years, she was still infatuated with the elder's appearance. The fact that she always treated Lana like a big sister or mother rather than an elder only worsened her condition.
"Elder, there is indeed a case I can't handle, but it isn't anything from the disciplinary squad. Take a look at this." Lana said as she handed over the token.
Inspecting the item in her hands, the elder's eyes widened in shock. "This is?!"
Lana nodded, still holding some shock many minutes after realizing the identity of the token.
The elder sighed and shook her head as she stood up. "Alright, take me to whoever brought this in." Although she was outwardly calm, she was brimming with questions internally. 'What the hell is that old fogey doing?'
Damien spent 10 minutes enduring various gazes that landed on him curiously. It had to be known that Lana was both the most important member of their squad and the strongest. For someone to make her behave like that, they must be interesting.
Only after what felt like hours of silence did Damien hear footsteps coming from the staircase. This was Lana and Elder Blanc.
Arriving in front of Damien, the elder looked him up and down. Besides his above-average looks, she couldn't see anything special about him. "So? How did you end up getting your hands on this token?"
Once again, Damien repeated the story of how he was beaten up by an old man and woke up with the token and the note on his body. Elder Blanc shook her head in exasperation.
"That damn fogey is always doing eccentric things. Anyway, we can't do anything for you in this case. This is just one of that old man's games."
Damien raised his brow at this. If they couldn't do anything for him then why was he even here?
Sensing his confusion, Elder Blanc continued speaking.
"I'll explain. Our disciplinary squad is one of the only places where the authenticity of this token can be verified, so he probably sent you here for that. As for finding him? Your best bet is the mountain in the distance behind the academy."
Damien knew which mountain she was referring to. It was larger than even Thunder Mountain that he had trained at and was located only a slight distance from the academy. He didn't know its name yet, but he had already figured it held some importance.
 "That mountain is probably full of traps and other annoyances that you'll have to pass through before you can reach him. That old man loves to think of himself as mysterious and go around testing people, so good luck with whatever it is you plan to do from here on out."
Damien thanked the elder before turning to leave, only to remember something he'd forgotten for a while. "Ah, shit! I haven't been to class in like a month!"
Hearing his exclamation, the elder shook her head. 'They're truly alike. That old fogey also had this indifferent to anything but training mentality back then. No wonder he took a liking to this kid.'
Waving her hand, she addressed him. "It's fine, kid. Just go meet with that old fogey and make him teach you. I'll have someone contact your teacher and notify them. Just tell me your name first."
"Damien Void." He replied.
The elder nodded before heading back to her study. Receiving that affirmation, Damien once again said his thanks before leaving.
Back in her office, the elder looked through the new student roster to find Damien's name.
"Damien Void….WHAT?!" Finding his name, the elder lept up in shock.
"Age 19 Level 75 Spatial and Lightning affinity! That old bastard! He knew I'd only check the books after everything was done! He fooled me again!"
Just like the rest of the elders, she was looking for people to sponsor or train for the Nexus Event so she could gain some benefits, and Damien had been one of the candidates on her list.
Spatial affinity was incredibly rare, and he was also an immense talent, making him someone many elders were paying attention to. Unfortunately for her, her favorite student Lana was already past the 40 year age limit, so she couldn't participate.
"So the old bastard is also participating this year. And if it's that kid, I wonder if the rest of us stand a chance."
Flipping through the rest of the pages of the roster, Elder Blanc found something interesting. 'Oh? Another promising seedling. Looks like I'll have to place my bets on her.'
The page she was looking at had a picture of a slightly above-average girl with black hair and brown eyes.
"Katherine Hart Age 21 Level 85 Wind and Illusion Affinity"



Chapter 46 Circuits 1
Since it was relatively close, it took less than a day for Damien to reach the mountain. It looked to be close to a full 10,000 meters in height, leaving Damien stunned by its magnificence.
It didn't have the same rumbling sky or cracked surface as Thunder Mountain did, rather this one was a true natural beauty. The entire mountainside was filled with lush trees and various beautiful flowers.
When he spread his awareness, Damien could sense many beasts cohabitating its surface as well. And unlike the scenes in the dungeon, these beasts didn't constantly feed on each other for growth. There were even a few species that seemed to be herbivorous, without the need or desire for meat.
It was a clear day, so Damien could see up to the peak of the mountain, which was capped in snow, giving off a beautiful contrast with the vibrant colors that led up to it.
Damien thought this environment gave off a feeling of bliss.
No endless fight on the path to strength, no burdens or worries, and no pressure. However, this type of life didn't appeal to him. He loved gaining strength, he loved pressure that stimulated his growth, and although he didn't love burdens, he knew they were inevitable if one had even a single person or thing they cared about.
In reality, everything besides oneself could be considered a burden on this long and arduous path, and it was normal for many people to forsake everything for the sake of strength. Some people even choose to be so cold-hearted that their own families become nothing more than pawns to fit their needs.
Damien knew he had the chance to take this path if he truly wanted to, but he didn't have any desire to become like this. He liked his human side, his sometimes volatile emotions, and the bonds he had with the select few people he was close with.
He agreed that others could become burdens for him, and he even understood that from a certain perspective, his own mother who was bedridden could be considered a burden, but he didn't care.
He had a taste of the endless cycle of blood that came from being alone, the feral and primal nature that one would begin to develop. He had no interest in that.
If he wanted to do that, then that day he would've forsaken his humanity and devoured Zara rather than saving her.
Shaking his head, Damien snapped out of his thoughts. Now wasn't the time for introspection.
He gazed up the mountain and thought to himself, 'if I'm being honest I could spam teleport and make it to the peak in a few seconds, but I doubt that's what that old man wants.'
It had only been 2 days and he was already tired of playing the old man's games, but he decided that he'd concede with this one last challenge. Without further ado, Damien began rushing up the mountain.
And indeed, just as Elder Blanc had suspected, there were countless traps set up along the way. Some were stupid traps that could only kill mortals, such as a swinging tree trunk, but some were even slightly dangerous to him.
There was a pit full of 3rd class vipers that he almost fell into, mechanisms that suppressed his spatial ability and forced him to narrowly dodge razor-sharp blades with his bare body, and many other traps.
'This old man seriously has a wild imagination.' Damien kept climbing without stopping as he evaded trap after trap. Surprisingly, no beasts attacked him besides those within the traps. It seemed that there was some sort of order among them.
Even the ones that looked desperate to eat him begrudgingly turned away as he continued his climb. And by the time night fell, Damien reached the snow-covered peak.
There, he saw a familiar middle-aged man staring into the distance with his back facing Damien as if to come off as more mysterious. Knowing that this was the old man's quirk, he didn't pay attention to it, instead opting to sit down and recover his mana.
When Damien closed his eyes, the man took a peek behind him and witnessed Damien completely ignoring him. He was disgruntled but didn't bother the kid as he recovered his mana. Half an hour later, Damien's eyes began to open, and the man returned to his original pose of gazing into the distance.
"Old man, there's no need to act so mysteriously with me. That elder already told me about your antics."
The man's shoulders twitched a bit when he heard this, and he reluctantly turned around. "That damn witch! Looks like I need to teach her a lesson when I get back."
Noticing Damien's deadpan gaze, the man quickly changed the subject. "Kuhum… I guess now is the time for formal introductions. My name is Malcolm Grey, and I am the Headmaster of Zenith Academy. And I want you, Damien Void, to be my student."
The air of an expert radiated from Malcolm as he revealed his status, waiting to see the shock on Damien's face.
However, Damien's gaze was still deadpan.
"Okay, now what?"
Malcolm's brows twitched. "Kid, don't you get it? The headmaster of the whole academy wants to take you as a student. Aren't you supposed to be like 'Wow! What an opportunity!' or something?"
Damien's dead fish gaze intensified. "Old man, I figured you were the headmaster after the reactions of everyone I showed the token to. It isn't that hard. Also, why would I be surprised about you wanting to train me? You literally made it so obvious with all the testing and mysteriousness. So, let's just get on with the actual training part."
The twitch in Malcolm's brow became even more pronounced. Not only was the kid being so blunt that it slightly damaged his ego, he even had the nerve to keep calling him 'old man' even though he's known his status since the beginning.
Sighing at the fact that he couldn't keep his cool image, Malcolm's eyes turned serious and his whole aura shifted.
"Very well, since you want to learn then let's start immediately. Your sword art seems to be original and you've already found a path so I won't say anything about it. The same goes for your spatial affinity. I can teach you about lightning but that'll be secondary."
Damien felt his pride swell hearing all the praise he was getting, but he was soon brought back to reality.
 "The most important thing is your mana control. Frankly, it's shit. Completely garbage for someone your age. Even little 5-year-old children can easily wield mana better than you without even trying. I saw during our first fight that you have immense reserves of mana, but you still ran out within only a couple of hours. Truly, you should be ashamed of yourself."
Damien was too stunned to speak. Since he had begun his climb in strength, he had never received such a harsh rating of his abilities. He fought a 3rd class and succeeded in killing him, begetting praise. His level was insane for his age, begetting praise.
Not once had someone insulted or berated him since he had left earth. He was about to retort and get angry at the old man, but he stopped himself and thought about the words he had heard.
The more he thought, the more he realized the truth in those words. Damien had put all his focus on his sword art and his affinities. Not once had he ever focused on mana control.
He had always used mana however he pleased without any rhyme or reason to it.
In the first place, the structure of his mana control was based on how it had been utilized by the feral version of him when he had been taken over by his bestial instinct.
How could a feral beast with barely any conscious thought be able to compare to an intelligent being?
Beasts above 2nd class had already started developing intelligence, so even they probably had better mana control than him. His eyes hardened as he realized this.
'Ahh, I truly got too conceited recently. If nobody had said anything, I probably wouldn't have corrected it before it turned into a habit I can't change.'
Malcolm had been watching Damien this whole time, seeing how he'd react to his harsh words. In fact, he had made sure to make his words more taunting specifically to test Damien's reaction.
At first, he was disappointed seeing Damien get angry. But as he continued to watch Damien fall into thought and saw his eyes harden as he realized the truth, Malcolm became appreciative.
This kid was truly worthy to become his disciple.
Pride is normal and was bred within almost every lifeform as they gained strength. With all the hard work most people put into their strength, how could they not hold immense pride over their achievements?
The main issue was knowing when pride turned into arrogance and fixing the issue before it stabbed them in the back.
Seeing Damien look up at him, Malcolm smiled.
"Good. It seems you've realized the truth of the matter. Let me reintroduce myself then. My name is Malcolm Grey, a 4th class, and the only person in the human domain who has reached the Saint-level in mana control. Are you willing to accept me as your teacher?"
This time, Damien's eyes truly did widen in shock. The quirky old man in front of him was actually a 4th class and someone who reached Saint-level to boot.
This level was seen as a legend by many people in the world, but someone who had reached it was standing before him.
His decision didn't even take a second. Bowing his head, Damien repeated a line he'd read countless times in novels.
"Damien greets his new teacher."
Malcolm's smile grew even wider. "Good! Now, let's start our training to make you unstoppable in the Nexus Event. The first and most important priority? Mana Circuits."



Chapter 47 Circuits 2
Mana Circuits.
According to Malcolm, 'mana circuit' was a term used to broadly define the pathways and methods people used to wield their mana. Since everyone's body was different and everyone had different specializations, there were many different iterations of mana circuits created through the years.
Many important clans and powers within the world have their own methods for structuring mana circuits that have been passed down through the generations, highlighting their strengths.
However, there were also generalized methods for their creation as well. Even the common populace could easily get their hands on these, which was why Malcolm was surprised at Damien's terrible usage of mana.
The purpose of mana circuits was to act as both a pathway for mana, similar to meridians in cultivation novels, as well as to optimize and amplify its power. The structure of the mana circuit of someone who specialized in defense would mirror that, while the same went for offense and support.
Malcolm continued to talk about the history of mana circuits, which dated back thousands of years. By the end of the spontaneous lecture he was given, Damien truly felt enlightened.
To think there were so many different ways to utilize mana. Damien felt like an idiot for never trying to learn about this. There weren't books on it within Kurt's subspace in the dungeon either, making him believe that this specific knowledge was kept elsewhere.
"Now that you have all the general information, your job is to create your own mana circuit. After seeing your talent the other day, I'm sure you can do it. My mana circuits were built using the volatile nature of lightning as its base, but yours needs to be different."
Malcolm hadn't been idly standing by when Damien was climbing the mountain. He had been carefully watching to see how Damien dealt with every situation.
"It's clear to me that lightning isn't something that you particularly focus on, only using its destructive power occasionally. So, you need to either structure your mana circuits based on your spatial affinity or do something new. The choice is up to you."
Damien fell into thought. 'Although my spatial affinity is definitely my strongest power and will most likely remain that way in the future, it's not all I have.'
Although it was faint, Damien still remembered the feeling he had that he touched upon something greater. While he didn't know exactly what it was, he knew that he couldn't close off the doors that led to that possible future.
"Naturally, as your teacher, I won't force you to start and continue the process without any guidance. While most of the work will be done by you, I'll give you a starting point and help you if you ever come across roadblocks in your path."
Listening to Malcolm, Damien smiled. A teacher that didn't restrict him and instead chose to subtly guide his path was exactly what he needed.
Seeing the fire that was growing in Damien's eyes, Malcolm continued. "I suggest you start by feeling the structure of your internal body. This can be a great basis to create your circuit.
And finally, he decided to end his speech.
"The body itself is a huge interconnected system that keeps you functioning, and mana circuits are very similar to veins and arteries. That's it from me. Inject some mana into that token if you ever need to contact me."
With that, Malcolm vanished. Damien didn't even realize this, though, as he continued ruminating over the new information he had gained.
 Although the concept of mana circuits was extremely different, Damien knew that his own method would be vastly different from the denizens of this world. After all, he wasn't a native here. He had earth's specialty from before mana erupted, science.
Mana technology and previously modern science were leagues apart in both functionality and methodology. Since mana was a mysterious energy that could break the laws of physics, it made many new things possible.
However, precisely because it was constrained and limited by the laws of physics, modern science was full of great ideas and the ingeniousness of mankind. Many things were already theorized using science that became easily applicable due to mana.
Like this, Damien decided to make his mana circuits function more algorithmically. He would create an intricate system within his body that boosted his efficiency and output manifold.
He only had 5 months to design and implement this system. He decided that he would put any development into his abilities on hold and focus wholeheartedly on this task. Other than his daily practice to make sure his skills don't rust, he wouldn't do anything else.
He spent the next week on the mountain peak, sitting unmoving as he studied the structure of his internal body. He had done this once before, but only for a single arm.
This time, he focused on everything. The rate at which his heart pumped blood and the movements of that blood through his veins and arteries to create a sort of feedback loop, the flexing of his muscles that caused various tendons and ligaments to move as his bones followed suit, even the response of neurons sent to and from his brain down his spinal cord that facilitated his control over his body.
Damien put his whole focus onto these processes to the point that he no longer felt the flow of time around him. He also pondered on various examples of mana circuits he had read about to see if they had any use in real-life scenarios.
He wasn't a big science fanatic back on earth, so he wasn't familiar with too many theories that could help him, but he had the basic knowledge to use as a basis.
His ambition for his mana circuits was as grand as can be. Maybe not within these 5 months, but sometime in the future, he wanted his mana circuits to act as a perpetual motion system. If his idea succeeded, he'd, in theory, gain access to a nigh-infinite supply of magic power.
However, whether through mana or science, perpetual motion has never been achieved. Nothing could continue moving indefinitely when it was drawing from a finite power source.
Even celestial bodies, which seem to rotate and move infinitely, do not truly achieve perpetual motion. Many forces disrupt their flow of kinetic energy, such as solar winds, gravitational and thermal radiation, etc.
To even gain a possibility of achieving the wild dream of infinite mana, Damien needed to create a mana circuit that could constantly evolve.
'Evolve.'
The word brought back memories of his first evolution after killing that 1st class wolf. 'What was it that allowed me to evolve at that time? Although I believe in my will and tenacity, it wouldn't be enough to grant me a perfect evolution. No, it was my Void Physique that allowed that.'
His Void Physique had always been a mystery to him. It devoured energy like a black hole but also fed him energy whenever he evolved. He had even begun to muse that his devour skill might be a product of his physique.
He had never truly studied his physique in-depth, and the reason was that its actual location was unknown to him. This problem might sound stupid, as physiques were essentially one's body, but Damien's was different.
He could always feel a faint connection to what he assumed to be his void physique, and it was always superimposed on his body, yet not existing within it. It was confusing even for him as if its true existence was in a separate dimension or something.
Still, he determined that his physique was the beginning of the path he needed to take to reach his insane goal. So, he put his all into attempting to study it.
Another week passed without any progress. Damien was starting to get frustrated. He had never experienced failure in his training, only slight setbacks that he could overcome with time. This time, he hadn't even been able to find an inkling of a path forward.
But he wasn't going to quit now. He had seen a vision of the insane power he could grant himself in the far future if he succeeded here, and he wasn't going to let it go easily. If he couldn't reach his Void Physique directly, he'd simply need to study his devour skill first, since he suspected that they were linked.
The devour skill was the method his physique utilized to help him evolve. This was his conjecture. And as he spent his time studying it, he knew he was correct.
The devour skill was mysterious in just how greatly it could optimize the usage of energy he devoured, and this was specifically the concept he was focusing on. Optimizing the energy, amplifying its effect, and evolving when a better option was presented.
Damien had finally found a clue. He had to build a true physical construct within his body that could be evolved, enhanced, and tweaked as he pleased. Rather than an ethereal path to carry his mana, he decided to change his body structure.
For the first step, he took an idea he had seen used countless times, a mana core. Although it wouldn't be cultivated the same way, the concept was similar. However, he had no interest in wantonly experimenting with his body and accidentally injuring himself.
He first drew his magic power out of his body and began compressing it. He used his spatial affinity to aid this compression as he gushed out mana into a ball on his palm.
The sphere shrunk as its power grew, but it looked more like an attack than something that would become corporeal. He then decided to revolve the ball of mana as it was compressed, hoping that this would also aid the process.
And aid it did. The ball became smaller and smaller, as the mana that composed it started liquifying. And, by the time he had used up half of his mana capacity, all that was left on his palm was a small amethyst marble that he could pick up and move as he pleased.
It was pure solidified mana.
After half a month, he had taken the first step forward towards his grand ambition.



Chapter 48 Circuits 3
Another half a month passed as Damien moved to ponder the structure of his mana circuits.
Mana circuits were ethereal but still tethered to the body. If he wanted to design an intricate circuit, he needed to plan it well. Being interlinked with the body means that any small injury could disrupt his entire circuit.
 It was the same idea as removing a small cog from a huge machine and causing its downfall. 
To solve this problem, Damien decided to design his circuits in quadrants pertaining to specific areas of his body. This way, if his arm ended up getting severed, the overall system would only slightly weaken, rather than shutting down.
This was solely for the ethereal aspect of his mana circuits. The corporeal structure that he was creating was different and didn't possess the same flaw. It was essentially a new body part and would qualify to regenerate through his skill, so he didn't need to worry about it.
Damien had done many experiments over the past half a month on how he should structure the physical aspect of his circuits, and he had finally decided.
The mana core he had created would be placed in the center of his chest, essentially becoming a second heart, and he would form veins that scaled his entire body connecting to that heart. He also decided that a set of meridians were necessary to facilitate the flow and blockage of energy.
These would be smaller variants of his mana core that carried only a portion of its functions.
The creation of this corporeal system would be a long and grueling process, and he didn't even have enough mana to complete what he had now termed as his "mana heart" so he once again tried something new. Rather than devouring corpses, he targeted his skill at the atmospheric mana around him.
Surprisingly, it worked. He couldn't increase his mana capacity this way, but refilling his tank at a rapid pace was child's play.
Luckily, he would be able to move around fine during the process and wouldn't have to complete it all in one go. After all, his mana circuits wouldn't have negative effects on his internals even while they were incomplete, as their functionality would be null until he completed their ethereal counterpart.
The final thing he had to decide was the basis of his ethereal circuits. It would be most logical at this point for Damien to optimize them towards his spatial affinity, but he opted against that. He didn't want to be limited to just that much.
However, he couldn't make circuits that accepted everything, as it would limit his potential due to having too much freedom. Instead, he decided to keep it broad but not too expansive.
He wanted his mana circuits to focus on destructive power. He decided to block off all routes he had towards external healing and more positive powers. Naturally, this wouldn't disallow his own regeneration and similar skills, but he wouldn't be able to utilize such practices on others.
During the month that had passed since Damien began, Malcolm had visited weekly to track his progress. However, every time he came, Damien was deep in thought and didn't even notice his presence. What surprised Malcolm was that Damien hadn't even started construction of his mana circuits yet.
For a genius like him, it should be easy, so Malcolm figured that Damien was aiming for something greater. He naturally supported this, but he hoped that Damien wouldn't try to do too much and end up failing.
There were only 4 months left until the Nexus Event officially began, so Malcolm once again decided to check on Damien. Reaching the mountain peak, he saw Damien standing up and playing with an amethyst marble.
This was the first time Malcolm had seen a change in Damien, so he was pleasantly surprised. Sensing something peculiar about the marble, Malcolm analyzed it, only to be shocked by what he found.
The marble was made up of pure crystallized mana, something he didn't expect to see from someone who was working on mana circuits. "Damien, what are you planning to do with that?"
Malcolm was a bit suspicious since that marble had the potential to be used as a bomb, but Damien's answer left him even more surprised.
"Hm? Ah, old man you're back. This is nothing, just a slight experiment I did while I was contemplating the mana circuits I'm going to make. I have the base idea down now. All I need to do is implement it."
Hearing this, Malcolm decided not to ask too many questions. Damien's choice was his alone, and as long as he didn't plan to use those mana beads as weapons, he didn't care.
"Alright then. You have 4 months left until the start of the event, so make sure not to waste too much time."
Malcolm was about to leave once again when Damien stopped him. "Take me with you this time, old man. I'm going to take a little break before I start for real."
Malcolm nodded. It wasn't a bad thing to take rest every once in a while, especially during a big project like Damien's.
Damien only felt his shoulder be grabbed before the wind started whooshing around him. The next thing he knew, he was back at the academy.
Bidding farewell to Malcolm, Damien headed back to his abode where he was once again greeted by Katherine. Since the last time they had met, she decided that she'd stay at his house. She claimed that the dorm she was staying in was too stuffy compared to it.
He would usually be against it, but he honestly doesn't stay at the house much and Zara seemed to enjoy her company, so he agreed.
Speaking of Zara, she hadn't been with Damien since he left for the mountain. He told her to stay home when he left and realizing that he'd be at the peak for a while, he told her to hunt and increase her strength. He'd only be back for a day, so he decided he wouldn't disturb her training.
Once again, Damien plopped down on the couch as Katherine went to the kitchen to make food. If anyone else saw them, they'd think the two were dating, but the two of them were too oblivious to even make the connection.
"You could've told me that old man was the headmaster, you know. I mean, I guessed it easily but still."
Katherine giggled in response. "Well, I thought it'd be more fun to surprise you. Oh yeah, did he take you as his student?"
Damien rolled his eyes. "Yeah, the old man is helping me fix some things that I was being stupid on. What about you? With your talent, there has to be an elder who wanted to teach you."
Katherine smiled. "Yup! It was one of the Grand Elders too! Her name is Elder Monique and she specializes in illusion affinity as well. Hehe, I can't wait to beat you up in the tournament."
"Sure sure you'll be the one beating me up. You have to be careful though, if you lose I might just have to spank your butt as punishment." Damien replied with a sly smile.
"Shameless!" Katherine muttered as a rosy blush covered her face.
The two continued chatting as they ate dinner with each other. They were growing closer at an abnormal rate that would be weird by anyone's standards. After all, the two have only had close relations for around 2 months.
However, it wasn't surprising. Katherine was a sheltered girl with an adventurous personality that quickly got attached to anything she found interesting. As someone who didn't have many close friends, she gravitated towards Damien often.
Damien was similar as well. And him being terrible at talking freely with anyone besides her, he also gravitated towards her. The two had a slight amount of co-dependence, but it wasn't unhealthy.
If two people only had each other in the same age range that they could freely speak to and were also extremely similar in their personalities, it'd be weirder if they didn't get close fast. But they were both dense as a lake, so neither had noticed this in the slightest.
Night soon fell and the two retired to their rooms. Damien, however, warped back to the mountain peak. It was relatively close so he didn't need to use too much mana.
Talking with Katherine for a few hours honestly made him much more refreshed than sleep did. He didn't know why that was but just assumed that it came from the synergy between like-minded people.
Spending a few hours to recover his mana, Damien ended up falling asleep. He woke up the next morning with a wide smile on his face.
'There are only 4 months left for the competition to start. If everything does as planned, it'll take 2 months to develop the corporeal system and 2 months to develop the ethereal one.'
Without waiting, Damien began the process. The first step was the mana heart. Just like he did previously, he gathered mana in a ball shape. Only, this time it was at the center of his chest, directly next to his heart.
This was a step Damien needed to take extra care with. He gently used his spatial affinity to compress the swirling ball of mana in his chest. As time passes, the ball became smaller and smaller, and at this time Damien started devouring the atmospheric mana.
Rather than a marble, he wanted his mana heart to be at least the size of a golf ball. The mana kept compressing as even more mana was added to it, creating a semi-liquified ball whose mass kept increasing.
He lost track of time and even of the functions of his body as his sole focus was compressing his mana heart. Mana roared and his body protested the foreign mass that had intruded on its structure, but Damien didn't care.
He had already run many simulations and figured out the perfect positioning for each piece of his new organ. The strain was only present due to the large portions of mana that were still being liquified.
Damien continued like this for an entire day and a half. Every time his mana capacity lowered, it was regenerated by the ambient mana he devoured, and this mana went directly into his mana heart.
By the end of the second day, Damien fell to the floor exhausted. His consciousness started fading due to the intense concentration and mana depletion he had felt over the past 2 days, but he held a wide smile on his face.
Within his chest, he could feel it. Although it didn't beat or pump anything, he could feel a second baseball-sized heart made entirely of mana, just waiting for him to give it function.



Chapter 49 Prelude 1
The next 4 months passed without any unexpected scenarios.
In the time Damien wasn't training either by creating his mana circuits or getting lectured about lightning by Malcolm he was constantly with Katherine.
They made a point to at least have dinner together every night, having idle conversation about their days and what they were doing with their respective teachers.
Naturally, they left out the most important details so they could surprise each other when they actually fought, but everything else was shared. When Katherine heard that Damien had never heard of mana circuits until Malcolm explained it to him, she almost fell out of her chair laughing.
Inwardly, however, she became even more curious about his identity. Not having a method to create them was natural but not knowing of their existence in general was mysterious. No matter how many topics they spoke about throughout the past few months, his past was never one of them.
 The two had grown much closer over this period of time. Especially with them essentially becoming roommates, they spoke to each other constantly. Sometimes they would get close enough for even they themselves to suspect their relationship before awkwardly brushing it off.
Neither of them dared to bring up the topic. They had only known each other for around 6 months in total, which was hypothetically more than enough time for something to develop, but with neither of them saying anything, their relationship slowly became filled with palpable tension.
This tension wasn't bad, though, they just had moments where they would become awkward around each other and act like normal teenagers, blushing and unable to make eye contact.
His relationship with Katherine wasn't even close to the only thing he had improved over the past 4 months. His control over lightning had seen a drastic rise after he gained an expert like Malcolm as a teacher.
He even developed a fun ability where he could call down lightning from the sky to smite his opponents, the same one that Malcolm had used on him during their first meeting.
Though, the scale was much smaller when Damien used it. The ominous black color of his lightning also carried different properties than Malcolm's crimson kind, making the effects differ.
None of these were the greatest improvements, however, as Damien's main focus wasn't there. Rather, it was on his mana circuits.
Unlike his original plan, it took almost 3 months to complete the corporeal structure he had created. After his mana heart was finished, he spent 2 months completing the intricate system he built that covered his neck down to his toes.
This system was honestly a work of art. Thin purple strands now layered Damien's entire internal body, as rather than a circulatory system as he had originally planned, he structured it more like a nervous system.
And nerves were much more intricate than arteries. They snaked through his body, coiling around each other and forming patterns as they filled his body.
8 quadrants made up this system. One for each extremity and 4 for his torso alone. He figured that there'd be times when he'd be run through, and he couldn't have the whole upper body portion of his mana circuits be jeopardized by that.
Another change he made was his heart. After extensive thought, he connected his physical heart with his mana heart to stabilize the mana circuits' position within his internal body. Now, they had become a true part of him.
When his body evolved, they'd evolve along with it, and like legos, they could be taken apart and put back together as he pleased.
The final month he spent on his corporeal circuits was when he made another drastic decision. He decided to link his brain to the system as well, creating a feedback loop that spanned every part of his body. Since he didn't want to end up brain dead, he took 2 weeks studying its functions before even attempting this step.
This part was by far the most dangerous, as he had to put his complete focus on every movement he made. That week, he wasn't even able to move an inch from his spot on the mountain. When Damien finished, a faint purple hue seemed to emanate from his skin as his newly created "meridians" shone.
They weren't the same meridians that cultivators had, but he named them like that anyway.
And once that was done, Damien began working on the ethereal system. Once this system was finished, it would be anchored to its corporeal counterpart to complete his mana circuits.
This process was much easier for him than the previous one.
Creating the corporeal circuit was like creating a new body part, altering the base structure of his body. But the ethereal portion was similar to comprehending his affinities. He drew the pathway in his mind and focused on the "concept" he wanted to imbue in them.
He only had to trace the already existing parallel within his body.
As he formed these ethereal circuits, his mind wandered to various forms of destruction. Nuclear explosions that instantly incinerated hundreds of thousands of lives and the nuclear winter that reaped those who survived, the collision of celestial bodies that formed planets and galaxies, and even more complex forms of destruction like mental breakdowns and wrath.
All these thoughts of destruction fueled his creation as an ethereal reddish-black construct formed within his body. He started from his lower extremities and worked his way up, purposefully evading his mana heart as he built.
And then, on the final day of its creation, he linked the core of his ethereal circuits to his mana heart.
In that instant, the world lit up and Damien could swear he heard something akin to a car engine revving.
His body emitted a blinding amethyst glow as mana began cycling through the circuits he had set up.
Ba-dum. Ba-dum.
His mana heart started beating as it pumped mana through every part of his body. Since it was connected to his actual heart, it functioned in a similar fashion.
There were also benefits to connecting to his brain. Damien felt euphoria as the mana in his body followed the pathways he created as he flicked a casual bolt of lightning to test his gains.
It was instant.
Not only was there not even a microsecond of delay between his thoughts and actions, but the power of that simple flick was also enough to drill a small hole into the ground. Damien almost leapt with joy.
He honestly couldn't see anyone defeating him now, but he quickly calmed himself by thinking about how Malcolm toyed with him all those months ago.
'That's right. My strength has been optimized and slightly amplified, but it hasn't been raised an insane amount. I need to keep my wits and not get conceited.'
And as he brought himself down from his momentary high, another unexpected event took place. A system window popped up in front of his eyes.
You have begun pioneering a new realm of mana circuits. Although many have built them in either corporeal or ethereal form, very few have chosen to interconnect both. As your path continues, you might even be able to unlock mysteries pertaining to the soul. Through this monumental achievement, your legends have been enhanced
Your mana circuits have been listed as a new 'Trait'
You have been granted the trait: Ananta Matrix. Your legends have been enhanced.
Damien's eyes widened. It seemed the system truly was omnipresent. It had even realized the grand intent he had behind the creation of his mana circuits and granted him rewards based on it.
He had no idea what the 'Ananta Matrix' was or what it had to do with his mana circuits, but for it to be classified as a trait, it had to be good. All he had to do was continue forward as he always did.
As he finished up, Damien got up and stretched. It had been 5 months since he'd last seen Zara and he was curious what she was up to.
During these 5 months, they had communicated constantly through their mental connection, and Damien could feel that Zara's thoughts had become more coherent.
Even though she couldn't speak yet, her thoughts were basically complete sentences, rather than the bundles of emotion he had received when they first initiated their pact.
The Beast Territory wasn't far from the Zenith Academy, as it was situated in a place easily accessible by all races.
Damien didn't understand why it was necessary to be close to the beast domain as well, since beasts without their 4th class couldn't take human form, but he had learned from Malcolm that it was a sign of goodwill.
After all, if the academy was in the center of every race's domain besides the beasts, what kind of message would it give off?
Anyway, Zara had traveled to the beast domain during the first month that Damien had been training and had spent her time there evolving.
Although the inner areas of the beast domain were developed and not much different from human territories, there were plenty of beasts that preferred roaming free and hunting as it was truest to their nature. This was even more so for 2nd class beasts as their intelligence was still budding.
Zara was a special case, and Damien mused it was due to her bloodline that her intelligence had been high enough for her to understand his words when they were mere 1st classes.
Now that their preparation period had ended, Damien called her back. He didn't mind being separated if he was stationary, but with him going to the tournament, he couldn't bear being too far.
Zara shared this sentiment. The two had been together through many rough experiences and had forged a bond thicker than even blood. Regardless of anything, if someone asked Damien who the person he was closest to in the world was, it would undoubtedly be Zara.
Damien warped back to his house and had his nightly dinner with Katherine as they excitedly talked about various things. However, the topic for today was mainly on the upcoming Nexus Event.
After all, its start was merely a week away.



Chapter 50 Prelude 2
The next morning, Damien and Katherine were summoned by their respective teachers for a meeting. With the Nexus Event rapidly approaching, it was time for them to make preparations and leave.
The event's location would change every time, and this year it was being held in the human domain. Due to this, they only had to leave now. Most people from the various other domains in the world had already started making their way towards the venue.
As they arrived in front of the disciplinary building where they were summoned, they saw 3 other students waiting, 2 girls and a boy. The 5 of them waited in silence for a few minutes before the doors to the building opened.
Out of those doors came their teachers. "Good. The 5 of you have been officially titled as supreme geniuses from our academy, and will be representing us in the event." Said Malcolm, who was at the forefront of the group.
The other 4 quickly bowed to him while Damien simply nodded his head.
Malcolm and Damien shared a more casual relationship than most teachers and students since both of them liked to banter and make fun of each other, so Malcolm didn't mind the seemingly disrespectful behavior.
"Alright, I'll do all the explaining on the road, for now, let's leave."
Malcolm let out a shrill whistle. Instantly, 2 flying beasts arrived in the sky above the group. One looked awfully similar to a gryphon while the other was more reptilian, seemingly a subspecies of wyverns.
However, when the group was about to mount the beasts, both beasts entered a slightly panicked state. Their bodies shivered as their heads lowered to the ground. Everyone was flabbergasted until they witnessed a large shadow cover the sky above them.
The shadow started changing shape, and in its place stood a wolf the size of a 2 story building with beautiful black wings. Looking down at the other beasts in contempt, the wolf let out a prideful howl.
"Awooooooo!"
This caused the two beasts to shrink back even further, unable to even move properly due to their fear.
Seeing this scene, the group became weary and took battle stances, well, all but two of them. Damien and Katherine simply smiled at each other before Damien walked forward.
"Alright alright, you've made your grand entrance so you can stop now. Can't you see that you're scaring the others?"
The wolf looked at Damien and snorted, but still came down obediently. Reaching the ground, it shrunk down to the size of a normal human and rushed towards Damien.
Damien greeted it with a hug. This wolf was obviously Zara, who had gone through large transformations since Damien had last seen her. Besides her size, the aura she gave off was much more overbearing, and her eyes now held a hint of silver.
Damien smiled as he felt Zara's excited emotions. "Yeah I missed you too, but we have all the time in the world to catch up. For now, let's just get moving alright?"
Looking at the rest of the group that was staring at him, Damien raised his brow. "What? Are we leaving or are you just going to keep staring at me?"
They soon snapped out of their dazes. Out of these people, the only other person who knew of Zara's existence besides him and Katherine was Malcolm.
 Even if he hadn't seen her when they first met, how could he miss the wolf in Damien's shadow while he was observing him? If he did, wouldn't he be disqualified from being a 4th class?
"Well, I guess Damien has his own ride, so the rest of us have more space."
There were no more disruptions as the group got mounted the other two beasts and took flight. Katherine had unceremoniously climbed atop Zara though, and Zara didn't have problems with this.
She and Katherine were very close to the point of being called friends, and so Katherine became the only person other than Damien that Zara would allow on her back.
Damien rolled his eyes at this but said nothing, instead opting to ask Malcolm for information. "Hey old man, tell us about the Nexus Event now that we're already on the way."
The other 3 students were baffled by the fact that Damien called the headmaster so casually, but before any of them could make a fool of themselves, Malcolm responded.
"Calm down brat, I'm getting to it. The Nexus Event changes its structure every year but has a base concept that remains consistent. The first event will always be a comprehension test to weed out those who don't even qualify to be considered above average."
Malcolm smiled seeing the surprised look on the students' faces before continuing.
"However, don't be fooled by this. There will still be thousands of people who pass this phase. After that, it's a point-based event. There will be 3 rounds that weed out the competitors until only the top 12 remain. After that is the main event which is a normal single-elimination tournament."
Damien felt his anticipation grow after hearing this explanation. Normal tournament arcs always bored him, as fighting 1v1 over and over again can become monotonous. Events like this were more to his preference.
"I'm sure you all know the prizes for the top 3, but there are also various smaller prizes for those who place in the top 10, along with the entry to the secret realm that's granted to the top 50. The other important aspect is the connections you should make.
Malcolm became slightly more serious as he spoke.
"As future powerhouses of our world, it's important that you make strong ties to those in your generation. Regardless of race or opinions, you should attempt to remain friendly. Naturally, I won't force you to like everyone, but keep my advice in mind. We can't have a repeat of what happened 1000 years ago."
Malcolm's words turned the atmosphere solemn. Damien also remembered something he had once deemed as a flag but forgotten due to his training.
"Old man, can you tell me more about the Great War? In my defense, you made me skip my classes so I didn't learn anything."
Malcolm rolled his eyes. This kid was truly too ignorant, but it was his job as a teacher to fix that, so he carefully explained.
"The Great War that took place 1000 years ago was an unprecedented tragedy for our world. Many nations and powerhouses alike fell. Even a demigod ended up dying due to this war. His name was Kurt Galloway, and he was the one who created the training grounds in our academy."
Damien's eyes widened. Kurt was the reason he was still alive today, as, without the subspace in the dungeon, he would've long fallen victim to the wyvern of the 40th floor. The fact that he had reached demigod level was a shock in itself, but for him to die in that battle was even more shocking.
"That war is the reason all races in this world love in relative harmony. Due to the racism and segregation at the time, it became much easier for enemies to pick them off one by one. As for who that enemy is? It was a race called Nox."
Even those who had knowledge of the war had their interests piqued. The Nox were always mentioned as the perpetrators, but nothing else about them was made known.
Malcolm nodded. "Since you are all on the path to becoming important figures in the future, it isn't hard for me to tell you. The Nox are a race from a distant star somewhere in the universe, and their power far exceeds our own."
Malcolm sighed as he continued.
"We still don't know their purpose for invasion or even their home planet since we have been forced into a defensive position. When the Nox invaded 1000 years ago, it started the Great War. They had 3 demigod level beings among them while we only had 1, and their 4th classes were uncountable."
Due to the many deaths they sustained during the invasion, there were few 4th class beings alive today. This was all Malcolm said before he changed the topic.
"You will learn more as you gain power and rise in rank. For now, this is enough. Focus on what's ahead of you rather than things that will not matter until the far future."
A heavy silence descended after this, as everyone was in their own in thoughts. Damien was still thinking about the Nox.
'Otherworldly invaders, huh. As I thought this is probably a flag. The Earth is also nearby, so it isn't certain that it won't be targeted. Although I don't care much about the world itself, there are still things I care about there. I need to return quickly after I gain enough power.'
Damien shook off his depressing thoughts. As Malcolm said, these were all things that would only matter in the future. For now, Damien just wanted to have fun in the Nexus Event, obtain 1st place and get the Elixir, and then explore the secret realm.
'That's right. Everything else comes later. Who knows, by the time I have to deal with an invasion, I might even be powerful enough to wipe the floor with them.'
As he cheered himself up, a smile returned to his face. Besides his own internal pep talk, he also had 2 others who sensed his emotional state. Zara was mentally communicating her cheers, while Katherine was gently holding his hand.
Damien's smile became gentle. 'Damn, it's kinda nice to have people around me who care, huh.'
The week passed by in a flash as the group arrived at a massive arena-like structure.
It was time for the Nexus Event to commence.



Chapter 51 Prelude 3
Apeiron was structured in a very classic manner. There was the human domain, the massive Helia Forest, and many smaller domains existing between them.
The structures of these domains were also simple. Within the human domain, there were 5 empires. Namely, the Adelaire, Stanton, Lennon, Wolford, and Gerard empires. While they had minor power struggles, their overall balance was always maintained due to each having a separate specialization.
Each empire had 4 major clans below their royal family and many smaller clans and families below them. This was in accordance with an agreement made so the balance between them wouldn't crumble.
The Adelaire empire was the strongest and largest of the 5 empires. It covered the majority of the central area of the human domain, consisting of many mountainous and grassy plain regions.
The Stanton and Lennon empires were situated in the far north and south, with the Stanton empire in a massive snow-covered flatland and the Lennon empire closer to the sun. This led to cultural development where the Stanton empire became similar to Eskimos and the Lennon empire adopted a more traditional eastern culture.
Meanwhile, the Wolford and Gerard empires were on the east and west of the human domain. The Wolford empire was surrounded by forests and mainly specialized in hunting with their culture revolving around this concept as well.
The Gerard empire was by the Boundless sea that surrounded the entire massive continent that made up Apeiron. They naturally focused on sea trade and exports.
The Boundless Sea essentially made the entire continent into a giant island, and many people had wondered whether there could be other continents or landmasses floating within it, but nobody had ever explored the entire sea to find out.
It was too expansive for even a 4th class to cover it, and even in space, it would take a large amount of time to circle the entire planet to explore. Perhaps some demigods who ascended to the Heavenly World knew the truth, but it was never shared with anyone else.
The Helia Forest was home to both the Beast Domain and the Elven domain, as both coexisted and shared the land. The Helia Forest alone took up around 13rd of the space on the entire continent, so the two races weren't cramped for space.
The Elven domain was ruled by the Kiria royal family and didn't follow the same system of clans and smaller powers as the human domain. Elves were typically more united as a race due to their nature and didn't tend to enjoy conflict. However, this didn't mean they couldn't fight.
Elves were always known as a peaceful race, leading many ambitious people in the past to attempt to conquer them, but this was a terrible idea. When they were forced to enter battle, the usual peace-loving elves became bloodthirsty war gods.
The duality of their nature was never explained, as nobody dared to ask, but once it became known nobody wantonly picked fights with them. This demeanor only came forth in life or death battles or moments of extreme stress, making many people wonder if it was controllable or a subconscious defense mechanism.
The Beast domain was also ruled by a royal family, but not much was known about them. They tended to stay secluded within their domain and watch over their subjects. While the various other ruling class individuals knew their names and strengths, it was never disclosed to the common populace.
Beasts weren't the only ones living in their domain, though, as demihumans also chose to make their home there. Demihumans were the product of a union between beasts and other races and were shunned heavily before the Great War. This was due to some more disgusting individuals mating with beasts before they received their human forms to produce children.
This kind of practice was extremely frowned upon. Until a beast gained its human form, it was absolutely forbidden to mate with them for obvious reasons. Nowadays, the discrimination isn't as high, as many demihumans are born from demihuman parents, but their race still decided to stay within the beast domain as it had been their home for many years.
In the Nexus Event, the beast domain's participants were usually demihumans, as beasts who fit the age range were usually unable to verbally speak. This was a requirement as well that was set so there wouldn't be any misunderstandings during the tournament.
The final major domain within Apeiron was the dwarves domain. The interesting fact about them, however, was that they lived underground. Dwarves were a race of scientists and blacksmiths who naturally preferred heat to the point that they built their empire close to the molten core of the planet.
The royal dwarf lineage was called the Temor family and with their citizens, they built a massive underground empire that spanned roughly the same distance as the Adelaire empire of the human domain.
Dwarves were naturally weaker in combat due to their smaller physiques, but it wasn't that they didn't hold power, or rather, their power couldn't be mobilized offensively.
Their strength usually came from artifacts and technology that they invented. For this reason, they tended not to participate in the Nexus Event, but they still attended it.
They could both sell artifacts to gather more raw material and form connections and long-term business relationships with the major empires on the surface. Their intelligence was their strong suit, and business was almost a natural instinct to them.
All of these various races and various powers were now congregating in a single spot that Damien was gazing upon at this very moment. It was a massive arena that seemed capable of housing hundreds of thousands of people and on its exterior, countless massive screens showcased the view within to those who couldn't enter.
Damien didn't understand how such a massive event that would have thousands of participants could efficiently be hosted within such an enclosed space, but his doubts were soon answered.
Within the arena he could sense countless spatial fluctuations emanating from various spots, seemingly holding subspaces to host the events. Most likely, those screens he saw earlier were going to be used to broadcast what was happening to the spectators.
Damien followed Malcolm into an elevator-like structure that took their group to a huge penthouse that overlooked the entire arena. Within this penthouse, there were various figures already gathered.
On a raised platform, 9 people sat together with grand auras emanating from their bodies. They were 7 men and 2 women, the leaders of the various nations of the world.
The 7 men were the 5 emperors of the human domain, the dwarf king, and the beast emperor while the 2 women were the Elf queen and the beast empress.
The human domain was largely patriarchal and the elven domain matriarchal, while the beast domain was ruled by the emperor and empress who wielded equal authority. The dwarf domain's ruling was based on mastery of their craft, so the gender of their ruler was always subject to change.
"The geniuses of this year's competition sure are interesting." The beast emperor said.
"Indeed, I see you've brought an especially talented youth this year." The Lennon emperor, Jonas Lennon said.
"Yes," the Elf Queen chimed in, "not just the Demi-human kid but also that girl from the human domain isn't bad."
"Those from the Zenith Academy still haven't shown up. I heard they have many good seedlings this time around." The Dwarf King added.
The 4th class beings that stood at the top of the world conversed lightly as they waited for the event to start.
At this time, Damien's group arrived at the penthouse. All eyes turned on them for a second as silence reigned. Then, as if nothing happened, everyone went back to their conversations.
"Come on," Malcolm said with a smile, "time to make your debut into the world."
Damien and the others followed. In their group, Damien and Katherine were the only humans, with one of the girls being a demihuman and the other boy and girl being a pair of elven twins.
The diversity of their group was unintentional but still gave off a good impression. The academy was prided for being unbiased, so having too many people of a single race would raise brows whether their qualifications were fair or not.
The group walked through the room and reached the elevated platform. It was common courtesy to greet these emperors and empresses before moving on to anything else.
Malcolm only gave a slight nod as a greeting, being an individual on their level, while the rest bowed.
"We greet seniors." The others said in unison. This time, Damien also followed the same customs. He could be as wild as he pleased in front of Malcolm, but these were beings who could toy with him as they pleased that he didn't know. Offending them on accident would take his life far earlier than he'd like.
His bow was still not as low as the rest though. Maybe it was a matter of pride or maybe it was a matter of habit, Damien didn't know. All he knew was that the only people he'd ever bowed before were his mother and his teacher. He didn't enjoy giving his respect to people who hadn't done anything to earn it.
Receiving affirmation from the leaders, the group raised their heads. The first to speak was the beast empress.
"You boy, what is that girl doing in your shadow?"
Damien was surprised at first but quickly calmed down. How could Zara even think to hide from 4th class beings?
However, she still prided herself on her concealment. Seeing that she was discovered so easily, she warily glared at the beast empress without leaving his shadow. Her boldness only existed when she was in her safe space.
 "Ah, I apologize for her rudeness senior, it's just that she doesn't really enjoy crowds and tends to find comfort there. Though I have no idea why."
The beast empress smiled. "You must've gone through many life or death situations together. You're around the same age too, so it isn't surprising that she'd get attached to you."
"Eh?"
Damien didn't know how old Zara was, but finding out that they were of similar age truly surprised him. Considering her behavior when they first met, he thought she was much younger.
As Damien was thinking of how to respond, he noticed a fierce gaze on him. Looking over, he saw a large pink-haired man with ruby eyes on one of the central thrones.
'Pink hair?' Damien slowly became drenched in a cold sweat. He and Katherine were standing shoulder to shoulder as opposed to everyone else who had a healthy amount of distance between them. Sneakily glancing at her, he once again saw the pink hair and ruby eyes under Katherine's disguise.
His cold sweat intensified as he covertly took two steps to the side, putting a comfortable distance between him and Katherine.
'Fuck! She was a princess this entire time??'



Chapter 52 Start 1
Damien's actions were hardly noticeable, but that didn't mean nobody saw him. Both his sneaky look towards Katherine and his slight movement to create distance were clear as day to those 4th class beings that were observing him.
This both amused them and piqued their curiosity. With their strength, it was normal that they could see through Katherine's disguise and witness the pink hair and ruby eyes under the black-haired brown-eyed facade, but for a boy that was still at 2rd class to do so was a different story.
Now, all their gazes were focused on Damien and even the Adelaire emperor's fierce gaze held a hint of admiration. But none of them brought it up. It was one thing for the boy who looked extremely close to her to notice, but her identity was hidden for a reason.
Meanwhile, Damien was silently praying that the matter would be glossed over. Although he previously said he had a clue about her status, he at most thought she'd be from one of the major clans of one of the empires, not a legitimate princess.
But it's not like it affected his view of their relationship. He didn't have respect for status. He only respected strength and character. If he likes her he'd like her regardless. Still, standing in front of her 4th class father made him act slightly more respectful.
"Boy, I know that little girl in your shadow seems awfully attached to you, but be aware that she can't participate in the tournament. How about you leave her with me instead?" The beast empress said, changing the topic.
Damien was caught off-guard. Leave Zara with a stranger? He would never even consider it. Even Zara was filled with apprehension at this thought.
Beasts evolved through their bloodlines which increased along with their strength. Every beast had the slightest amount of godbeast blood within them, and as they grew in class this bloodline became more potent.
They had 2 options for evolution. Either they follow the steps of their ancestors and become true godbeasts themselves through their bloodlines, or they assimilate other strong bloodlines to create their own new variation and carve their own path.
Each path had its own merits and demerits. While following the footsteps of their latent bloodlines was easier, it would limit their potential to the level their ancestors reached. Although they could progress farther it could be incredibly difficult to do so.
On the other hand, forging a unique bloodline was a terrifyingly difficult path in its own right. It would take much longer for a beast to evolve into a godbeast no matter how much they leveled up. However, their potential would be limitless. If they forged their path without stopping, they could possibly reach a peak above the peak.
Zara was a beast with an incredibly unique bloodline and Damien had sensed this even from their first meeting. His beast half also had the potential to make him into a godbeast, but Zara's bloodline wasn't helpful for that.
But that didn't mean that other beasts wouldn't covet her bloodline. He had seen a prime example of this through the wyvern on the 40th floor. It spent months chasing her for her bloodline, even throwing away its pride and leaving its nest to capture her.
Due to this, Damien couldn't help but become wary. He knew he couldn't do anything to these 4th class beings, but if any of them wanted to take Zara away from him for their own selfish intentions, he'd use his life to make sure it didn't happen.
After all, he'd designed a hidden function in his mana circuits specifically for a situation where he was fated to die either way.
Damien's body started leaning forward as he adopted a defensive posture and his feral bestial aura slightly radiated. If it was to protect Zara he didn't care enough to control his bestial instinct. His best fighting state was when it was in control.
Seeing this, the beast empress smiled helplessly. She realized that the boy in front of her knew the secrets of beast evolution and doubted her intentions.
She was also extremely surprised. She didn't sense it before but the boy seemed to be a demihuman. The curious thing was that he didn't radiate an aura of someone who was born a demihuman, but rather of a progenitor of whatever his bloodline was.
'An evolver?'
Once the thought struck her, she couldn't get it out of her head. If this boy was truly a human who achieved perfect evolution, his potential was much greater than she originally thought.
"Okay, no need to get protective. It was simply a suggestion. However, when this event ends, you should come visit us in the beast domain. We'd welcome you with open arms."
The others in the group couldn't hold back their shock. The only one who had an idea of what was going on was the beast emperor who shook his head with a helpless expression on his face. This wife of his always seemed to do whatever she wanted without consulting anyone about it.
 Damien slightly relaxed realizing that he had accidentally revealed a secret of his. 'Well, no need to fret over it. She doesn't have any hostile intention so perhaps this could be another opportunity for me.'
As they continued interacting, the arena slowly filled up until maximum capacity. Not only that, the land surrounding the arena was packed for miles with a crowd of people. Suddenly, a booming voice rang out.
"Welcome everyone to the 100th-anniversary Nexus Event! There are plenty of exciting games that will have you sitting on the edge of your seat, so be prepared and be excited!"
The crowd roared with cheers and applause as the announcer continued.
"The comprehension event has already been concluded, so it's about time we move on to the main event! This year we have 3000 geniuses from across the world participating, so without further ado, let me introduce our first stage!"
Damien was a little confused, but his doubts were instantly answered by Malcolm who was standing beside him.
"The comprehension event is to weed out the weak people who won't stand a chance in the main competition. Why would those in this room who have already been declared as supreme geniuses need to go through that selection process?"
Nodding his head, Damien continued to listen to the announcer.
"For the 100th anniversary of the Nexus Event, our leaders have gone all out in the preparations! For our first event, a fan favorite and a classic, Survival Games!"
The audience roared once more. It seems survival games truly was a fan favorite. The screens around the arena lit up as scenes of mountains, rivers, deserts, and plains began displaying. There was even a region filled with lava.
"This is our arena for the first game! A small world filled with various terrain for our many participants to choose from!
"The rules are simple! This game will last for an entire week and the goal is to survive. The competitors will be given a bracelet artifact before they enter that will track their position at all times.
"Losing your bracelet means you're disqualified and having someone else's bracelet gains you a point, even if you got it by stealing from the person who originally disqualified them.
"Each day, the space within the small realm will shrink, so you don't have to worry about a boring match where everyone stays hidden!
"Teaming is allowed, and cheating will not be disallowed unless it's reported, so if you have that idea…don't get caught!"
"Now, all our competitors come to the stage!"
As the announcer finished, Malcolm smiled. "This is your time. Go out there, shine bright, and make sure your name resounds across the entire continent."
Bright fires were lit in everyone's eyes. The thought of glory was enticing, and their whole purpose was to show their worth.
Down below, the 2950 normal participants were already in place. The only ones remaining were the 50 supreme geniuses in the penthouse.
While it may seem that the supreme geniuses will easily win and take all 50 top spots, that had never been the case. There was more to the event than just strength, and one's wits and tactics were also put to the test.
Every decade, countless underdogs rise from the ranks of the normal competitors and claim their spots among the top 50 or even the top 10. It was these stories that motivated those that couldn't be titled supreme geniuses to continue competing.
Damien entered a small teleport formation with the rest of the geniuses that took them directly to the center of the field. Once there, they were immediately handed their bracelets which they promptly put on.
Damien basked in the cheers of the audience. His blood pumped and his mana danced as his excitement grew for what was to come. A battle of strength, a battle of wits, a battle of status. Damien didn't care for its form. As long as it was battle it made his blood boil.
He wasn't the only one feeling this. Katherine was standing by his side basking in the same emotions as the announcer spoke once again.
"Now, the time you've all been waiting for! Let the battle…"
The arena became silent as anticipation bubbled.
Damien suddenly felt a soft punch from his side. Looking over, he saw Katherine flashing him an enchanting smile.
"See you on the other side."
Damien smiled back as he felt the light of teleportation swallow him.
"That's right, let's see who wins at the end."
As the participants started disappearing from the platform, the announcer's words finally fell.
"Begin!"



Chapter 53 Survival Games 1
When Damien opened his eyes, he was in the middle of a large flatland. He immediately activated his vector field as an attack headed his way. It was a line of earth spikes that would have caught any normal person off guard and immediately eliminated them.
But Damien wasn't a normal person. When the earth spikes were within range, they were suddenly crushed under their own weight and dissipated. When he turned to look in the direction the attack came from, he saw a skinny man with panic in his eyes.
Damien didn't even pay attention to this man. Directly teleporting past him and making his way out of the flatlands. The man was confused as to why the kid he had attacked didn't retaliate, but he didn't get the chance to think farther as spatial light covered him and removed him from the small realm.
Damien easily took the bracelet of the man as he passed by. He mused that even though the man made it past the comprehension test, he was in the lowest tier of people competing.
Killing was strictly forbidden within this competition, but severe injury of any kind was permitted. Due to this, Damien didn't spend too much time on weaklings. If he saw one, he'd quickly eliminate them. His targets were the other supreme geniuses and maybe the hidden tigers who had entered normally.
It was below him to bully those weaker than him in a friendly competition. This wasn't a life or death battlefield where slaughter was his best option.
He moved quickly and efficiently as the flatlands slowly began sloping into a mountainous region. This was where Damien would hunt for the next day before he measured the rate of shrinking of the small realm.
Artifacts were also banned for the first phases of the tournament, leaving Damien with only his fists as weapons. This tule was put in place to guarantee fairness in that people won't move further in the competition by simply relying on their status and wealth.
This was another reason why dwarves never participated in the event. Artifacts were their main strength, so the rules were against them even if it was done so unintentionally.
Though, artifacts would be reintroduced into the event at later stages
This rule left Damien with a smaller arsenal of tricks up his sleeve, but he wasn't defenseless. His body was always his strongest point, and he had developed a solid level of destructive power through his affinities while training with Malcolm.
His sword art was useless, but there was still one move he could use. Bladeless was designed in such a way that even his arm could be used as a blade. He could also mimic the effects of spatial collapse simply with his spatial magic, but the damage was much smaller.
On his way up the mountain, Damien encountered many weaker participants who didn't even notice as their bracelets were stolen. Sadly, he wasn't able to find anyone who could truly fight him. Nevertheless, Damien continued on, hoping to find a worthy opponent soon.
In a huge desert spanning the majority of the west side of the small realm, Katherine was having a much more fun time than Damien.
With the desert being relatively flat beside the various sand dunes strewn along its surface, the participants within it were engaged in a small battle royale. Katherine quickly joined this battle and started amassing points.
Similar to Damien, she felt it was below her to bully the weak, so she simply used illusions to manipulate them, grabbing their bracelets while they assumed nobody was around them.
When this didn't work, she would shoot compressed air bullets that instantly knocked out most of her opponents, granting her more points.
 As she continued this cycle, she ran into a human youth that blocked her path. He pulled out a table, two chairs, and a tea set. "Miss Hart, why don't you put away your hostility so the two of us can have a chat over tea?" The youth said while scanning her with a lewd gaze.
Katherine immediately felt disgusted. She knew who this youth was. His name was Evan Lockheart, one of the supreme geniuses from the Stanton Empire. Even within the penthouse where all the geniuses were mingling, he was constantly attempting to woo the female geniuses.
None of them gave him the time of day with him not even attempting to conceal his indecent intentions. It was obvious that certain people didn't choose their participants based on character, but only strength.
Without a single word, Katherine flicked her wrist as a massive sword made of wind flew towards Evan, however, he just smiled and lightly stepped out of its path, allowing it to decimate the table he was previously sitting at.
"My my!" He exclaimed, "it appears that you're quite the feisty one! Well, no matter. Taming your type is my favorite pastime."
As he spoke, the earth around him began to vibrate. The Stanton empire was known for its talented earth affinity users, so the element didn't surprise Katherine.
If it was 6 months ago, she'd slightly panic about how to deal with the present situation. After all, neither her wind nor illusion affinities were effective counters for earth. But now? She didn't even bat an eye at what Evan was doing.
This confrontation was naturally witnessed by the countless spectators within the arena. Within the cacophony of cheers and boos, the announcer's voice rang clear.
"Here we have it, ladies and gentlemen! Our first confrontation between supreme geniuses is about to begin! Place your bets at the betting booth and see if you can win big!"
Many people were already headed to the booths before the announcer's words even fell. The betting booths were a way to enhance the audience's experience during the tournament. It was both a way to make money and support their favorite competitors.
Although they couldn't hear what was being said within the small realm arena, the audience could clearly see Evan's lewd stare and Katherine's evident disgust through the projection.
The women in the audience and quite a few of the men didn't like this type of disgusting character, and so they immediately put bets on Katherine, while those of the Stanton empire were the majority of those who bet on Evan.
The Stanton emperor sighed helplessly as he received more than a few sidelong glances from the others around him.
"You know how the world works. Strength speaks louder than character. Besides that, his family is one of our 4 major clans. Even if I decided to reject, there would've been a large uproar over my decision."
He was right. Although it wasn't too exaggerated on the surface, the world truly was one where strength is king. The one with the bigger fist could twist things as they pleased as the losers wallowed in self-pity.
Meanwhile, Katherine's first major clash of the Nexus Event finally began. She concentrated wind below her feet and retreated to a distance while constantly firing air bullets and wind blades in Evan's direction.
These were all met be earth walls. Although they could mitigate the damage from the wind blades, the bullets were specifically built for penetration. Holes began forming in the earth walls, forcing Evan to dodge.
He stomped his foot on the ground, resulting in a disruption of the sand he was standing on. The sand billowed out in waves as it attempted to swallow Katherine.
Even though it was a rare subset, sand was still within the boundary of earth, making it something those with immense control over their affinity could manipulate. Being a supreme genius, Evan met this standard of control.
Sensing danger from the wave of sand, Katherine used her propulsion to fly above its range, creating massive gusts of wind that threw the environment into a flurry.
But to everyone watching, it was clear that she was on the losing end. Evan was in an environment that perfectly suited his abilities, allowing him to gain the upper hand.
Realizing this, Katherine went on a full offensive. Her speed increased fivefold, making her figure blur as she darted around the battlefield. From every direction, countless bullets and swords of compressed wind rained down.
Only about a third of them were real though. Evan clicked his tongue. He knew that Katherine possessed an illusion affinity, but he was still forced to defend against every attack, not knowing which were real or fake.
Katherine's new strategy was wholly focused on explosive power. Each bullet that hit the ground caused a massive eruption of sand, clouding the atmosphere and hiding her position as she continued her assault.
"Dammit!" Evan cursed as he became annoyed. With another stomp of his foot, he increased the gravity around him in hopes of dragging her to the ground, but this was the wrong choice.
The increased gravity accelerated Katherine's attacks and made their power even more explosive as they crashed into the ground. Evan was flung backward as he coughed blood.
His gravity control was still in its beta phase, so he didn't know the specifics of how it worked. The only reason he used it was in hopes that it would slow her down. And in truth, it did.
Katherine slammed into the ground as her assault came to a pause. Without warning, several earth spikes emerged around her, cutting off her escape routes. The power of these spikes vastly outstripped the ones Damien deflected earlier, posing a serious threat to Katherine.
Since she just plummeted to the ground and had yet to recover, she wasn't able to put up a proper defense or counter. It was clear that she had lost this match.
The audience was on the edge of their seat, paying rapt attention to see if Katherine could work her way out of this perilous situation when all of a sudden…
Clap.
A resounding clap was heard, followed by a huge shockwave that even disrupted the viewing devices slightly, causing static to form for a split second before it returned to normal.
When the screens came back on, the scene in front of them left the audience stumped. Gone were the residual effects of battle, gone were the massive walls of earth and waves of sand, and gone was Katherine who was previously stuck in a perilous situation.
In front of them was Evan, who had blood leaking from his ears and a horrified look on his face. And behind him stood Katherine. Nobody could make heads or tails out of the situation besides a few powerhouses who had noticed from the start.
A voice rang out in the stands. "It was all an illusion!" Causing a tidal wave of discussions to erupt.
Katherine watched with a malicious grin as Evan fell to the ground unconscious. Grabbing his bracelet off his wrist, she spoke.
"On to the next target."



Chapter 54 Survival Games 2
3 days passed in a flash as the games continued. Within every area of the small realm, there were constant battles taking place, with every participant trying their hardest to prove themselves.
By this point, the realm had shrunk to nearly half its original size, but it wasn't a linear decrease. It seemed that as the final day drew closer, exponential amounts of land were removed from the playing field.
This removal of land was accompanied by a visible fog filled with spatial attribute that teleported anyone it touched out of the realm, effectively disqualifying them.
Out of the 3000 original participants, only 2200 remained, and there were still 4 days left in the week. These 4 days would be even more brutal as the area shrunk and battles became more prominent.
The audience outside mostly hadn't moved from their spots during this time, watching with rapt attention for any intense battles that would occur. Still, sleep was necessary for people without high ranks, so there were recordings available of the most important battles that people could purchase.
There was also a leaderboard present that showcased the top 50 participants based on the points they gained in real-time.
Katherine's fight in the desert was one of them. By this point, she had left the vicinity of the desert area and entered the oceanic landscape.
She encountered many foes and accumulated enough points to reach the top of the leaderboard, even defeating another supreme genius from the elven domain.
She was excited to see that these people titled as supreme geniuses could give her good fights, but she knew that the best had yet to come. In this manner, she continued moving forward.
Damien had spent these 3 days in the mountainous region defeating anyone he saw. It was honestly smooth sailing for him so far. He had yet to run into a single supreme genius and most of the normal participants couldn't even notice him taking their bracelets.
Feeling bored of this continuous routine, he decided to switch things up. He stopped using his rush strategy to accumulate points and instead stopped aiming for points altogether and used the tournament to train.
Every time he came across another participant, he'd play as a weakling and battle it out with them, but he never truly attacked. Instead, he trained his ability to dodge and counter.
As a spatial affinity user, he always relied on teleporting to dodge. And while his instincts were sharp as is, he wanted to train his body reflexes to reach the same level. After all, he could very well run into opponents that could read his teleportation path, making it useless.
Like this, he gained a ton of battle experience, and his reflexes slowly improved. In the beginning, he was hit countless times by various elemental attacks, but none of them could get past his bodily defenses, so he remained uninjured.
 As he traversed the forest, Damien finally ran into an opponent he could consider as strong, with his senses telling him he'd receive a good fight. It was a young man from the Lennon empire who stood regally as if everything was beneath him.
When Damien approached, the young man raised his brow before grinning. "Oh, what do we have here?"
Damien rolled his eyes. "Shut up and fight me already. Stop acting like a pretentious brat."
The youth became incensed, but he soon controlled his emotions as his grin widened. "Well well, as someone who holds the title of supreme genius, isn't it bullying for you to face me on an even playing field? Let's spice things up shall we?"
A long katana-like sword appeared in his hand. Even if one only took a brief glance it was clear that the sword was an artifact. This was blatant cheating!
Even the crowd outside started yelling and booing, forcing the announcer to speak. "Ladies and gentlemen, you have to remember the rules! Cheaters can only be disqualified if a participant reports them for it! Unless his opponent says anything, we are bound by the rules!"
It was truly an ingenious strategy. With the pride that most of the supreme geniuses held in their titles, they were bound to get conceited and attempt to face the youth on his own terms.
Even though Damien didn't hold this same pride, he didn't say anything about the weapon. If anything, he welcomed such a thing. This would both be great for his training and also more interesting.
Without another word, the two charged at each other. Damien had long deployed his vector field as he burst forth with a vicious left hook. The youth narrowly dodged while slashing down with his sword.
Damien twisted his body while altering the sword's path with his vector field, causing it to switch directions. This caught the youth off guard. Not wanting to miss his chance, Damien shot a bolt of black lightning towards the youth, who raised his sword to block.
Damien thought it'd be done there, but he was wrong. The lightning was absorbed into the sword as the youth smiled.
"I wonder how long you can last against your own lightning."
The two clashed once more, but this time, the lightning gathered within the youth's sword sprung forth attempting to paralyze Damien. While his vector field wouldn't allow him to be touched, he decided to turn it off for now so he could experience true battle.
He had already considered his choices long before the event even began, and had decided he'd limit himself during this time. It wouldn't be fun if he caused mass destruction and immediately win. This choice put Damien in a rough spot at the moment, but this kind of pressure was what he wanted.
He continued dodging by the skin of his teeth as the youth's attacks became fiercer and fiercer. Unless he wanted to go back on his word, he'd have to think of another strategy to win.
Damien quickly teleported out of the young man's range as he got an idea. Without further ado, he also pulled out a sword. This didn't make the youth scared though. It actually caused him to smile brightly.
"Judges! This man is cheating by using an artifact!"
This was his plan all along. As long as he forced the other party to use their own artifacts, he could call them out and disqualify them, earning their badges. This strategy was specifically created to deal with supreme geniuses.
Even if they called him out after he made this move, it wouldn't be counted. The words of a disqualified participant no longer mattered.
The crowd outside was able to hear these words, as addressing the judges was a keyword to turn on the audio system. It was set up like this so calls of cheating wouldn't be overlooked in the mayhem of countless battles.
The crowd went into a frenzy at the youth's shameless actions, but they couldn't do anything about it. They were just here to watch the event, not participate. Even the announcer was shocked for a second, not thinking that the rules on cheating would be used in such a way.
However, the action wasn't illegal, just extremely shameless.
The announcer regained his bearings as he addressed the issue. "Alright people! We have our first call for cheating in the event so far! Before anything else, would the accused party like to say a few words in defense?"
The arena turned silent as everyone's attention fell on Damien. Even while all this was happening, he stood there with a carefree smile.
Seeing how he was being addressed, he shrugged and spoke up. "How am I cheating? I don't see any cheating happening on my side."
Once again, everyone was stumped. Was this kid an idiot? The sword was still clearly in his hand, so how could he say he was being falsely accused? But Damien didn't let them wait for too long.
As his smile grew, he continued his sentence. "After all, this is just a normal steel sword. Wasn't the rule that artifacts aren't allowed? Well, this isn't an artifact in the slightest."
Damien held up the sword for all to witness. The announcer touched his ear, seemingly receiving word from someone with more power before he spoke. "I-It's true folks! The sword in his hand has been confirmed to be a normal steel sword! What a turn of events! The participant has used a loophole in the rules to turn the odds in his favor!"
The crowd was silent, trying to comprehend the announcer's words before they erupted into maddening cheers.
What a drama they had just witnessed!
From the intense fight beforehand to the call for cheating to the loophole, their emotions had been taken on a rollercoaster with endless loops.
Back in the small realm, the Lennon youth's face had gone pale. He never expected such a loophole, nor did he expect Damien to pull out a normal sword. He didn't even check before calling for cheating, as he didn't want to get eliminated before his call was acknowledged.
Robotically turning towards his opponent, he saw Damien looking back at him with a devilish grin on his face.
"Now that that's over, it's time to have some fun." Damien raised his sword and decided to teach this youth a lesson.
'Void Sword Art 3rd Step: Spatial Collapse'
Damiens steel sword smashed into the ground and shattered on impact, but it still achieved its intended effects.
Space bent and twisted as the solid ground beneath their feet took on a more rubbery texture.
The Lennon youth was horrified and attempted to run, but his attempts were futile. When he went forward, he'd end up heading left, and when he went left, he'd end up going right. There was no sense of direction within the collapsing space.
Damien had toned down the power of his attack, so the youth was able to leave the collapsing space relatively unharmed. But he had made a misstep within the space as he recklessly attempted to escape, causing his arm to superimpose an area of the twisted ground and fuse with it.
In a panic, he had completely severed that arm.
Damien smiled at this scene before walking up to the youth and sliding his wristband off of his only remaining arm. "Next time, be careful who you mess with. Not everyone is as nice as me."
With that, Damien teleported away. It looked like the last 4 days of the survival games would truly be a fun time.



Chapter 55 Survival Games 3
The days passed in a flash as Damien and Katherine continued gaining points. It was already the last day of the event, so not many participants were still active. Due to this, it was much harder to find opponents and gain points.
Both Damien and Katherine had already made their way up to the top of the leaderboard through their efforts, gaining massive amounts of bracelets from the stronger foes they defeated, but neither had run into another supreme genius in this time.
This was confusing. There were a total of 50 of them, so logically they should have more encounters, but this spoke to the immensity of the small realm they were in.
There were 5 regions of varying climates and most people would choose the one that aligned closest with their affinity. Even while the realm shrunk, a piece of each of these environments would still be present. And perhaps many of the supreme geniuses had already fallen.
However, everything would change today. As the day began, the rate of shrinking within the realm increased by a large margin, crowding everyone towards the flatlands in the center.
Damien stood at the edge of this flatland and covertly watched as more and more people arrived. He'd already been in this position for a few hours and a few hundred people were strewn along the area warily eyeing each other.
As more and more people crowded in, the announcer's voice fell on their ears. "Listen up participants! There are currently 1,506 of you remaining, congratulations! However, this number is a bit too much for us. Being smart people, I'm sure you all know what I mean…"
Damien swore he could hear the announcer grin through his words.
"A Battle Royale! Until only 1,050 of you remain, duke it out and see who comes out on top! Leaving the flatland area means disqualification! Now, begin!"
Nobody moved. They all watched the people next to them vigilantly as they planned their next course of action. It would be embarrassing to fall here due to carelessness. Since nobody else wanted to make the first move, Damien decided to take it upon himself.
A faint black hue emanated from his body for a split second before lightning erupted in his surroundings. The thick black snakes traveled through the air and ground in all directions, attempting to sunder everything in their path.
Two of the participants nearby Damien were immediately paralyzed and knocked out while the third managed to narrowly dodge. He quickly moved to collect their bracelets before looking up.
The entire arena was quiet, staring at him before all mayhem broke loose. It seemed that his move had been a horn to begin. Damien grinned. He would only use lightning in this free for all unless he was forced to teleport.
Running a constant stream of electricity through his internal body, Damien increased his speed fivefold as he dashed into the battlefield.
Chaos was everywhere. Various elemental attacks were flying randomly through the air without target. The ground rumbled and quaked in some areas while massive water spouts and pillars of fire sprouted up in others.
The crowd was stunned. This was a true free for all between 1500 people, so it was naturally insane to watch.
Damien maneuvered through the battlefield like a fox as he found opponents and rapidly took them out, gaining points. But this wasn't his main goal. He was looking for a supreme genius to fight.
On the other side of the battlefield, Katherine was also having a great time. Just like Damien, she had put away her illusions and was solely relying on wind to take care of her enemies. Tornados picked up and threw participants into chaos before they were finished off by blades and bullets of wind.
She rushed through the masses of people while accumulating points even faster than Damien. Wind was usually used as a supportive element, but her training had always been focused on making it destructive.
Her last fight with Evan had been a small portion of what she'd learned in the 6 months Damien was creating his mana circuits. Her teacher, one of the two Grand elders of the academy, was extremely adept at illusions to the point of slightly affecting reality.
She could create constructs with true physical weight and power that she could then use in battle, even changing the environment to something completely different for short periods.
When Katherine saw this, she was made aware of how much potential she was wasting in her illusions. She wanted to reach a level where she could make someone doubt whether their whole life was illusion or reality. She wanted reality to become her illusion.
Due to her intense focus on this, she had fallen behind on her wind affinity, but she made up for this by combining the two. Her small success in illusions allowed her to maintain smaller constructs as she pleased, so she used it to enhance her wind.
She used illusions to create the tornados and used wind to power them, causing her to need much less focus to keep them active. She had also gotten the idea of compressing wind from Zara, who showed her how she used ice.
Katherine took this slight inspiration and expanded on it, creating blades that could rip through the atmosphere. She was extremely impressed by Damien's spatial affinity and worked to be able to manipulate space using air as a medium in the future.
While Katherine used her newly improved abilities to eliminate her competitors, Damien finally ran into his first supreme genius. It was a man with a robust body that contrasted his wolf ears and tail.
The screens on the outside quickly zoomed into this confrontation. The rest of the supreme geniuses were avoiding each other. Seemingly saving their strength for later rounds of the event.
The beast empress smiled as she watched them. 'The boy has evolved through many beasts, but the wolf still takes the forefront in his instinct. It's only natural that those two will feel rivalry immediately upon meeting.'
Truthfully, she was also a wolf-type beast. This wasn't a fact known to many, and her strength was too high for it to be pinpointed from her aura. This was also why she was interested in Zara. It wasn't that she wanted to consume Zara for her evolution, rather she was interested in taking her as a disciple.
She also had the ice element after all, and she could sense the icy aura emanating from Zara, making her believe it might be fate for the two to meet.
Noticing that Damien was an evolved human only made her want to take Zara as a disciple even more. Her invitation for Damien to come to the beast domain was so he could train with her husband while she took care of Zara. She felt a connection to the young wolf that felt almost familial, making her curious about the wolf's origins.
Meanwhile, within the arena things were progressing as the beast empress expected. When Damien and the demihuman locked eyes, their instincts flared. The person in front of them would give them an amazing fight. They both grinned at each other while ignoring everything around them.
"I'm Ethan Wolfang. You?" The demihuman said.
"Damien Void. I seem to have a lot of fate with wolves." Damien replied with a grin.
The two didn't need any more words. They already understood each other's intent. Pure physical strength, no affinities. This was how they would compete.
Damien stretched a bit. It had been a long time since he fought in such a primitive way, and he couldn't say he wasn't excited.
The two men charged at each other. Punching forward, their fists connected, causing a shockwave that threw away anyone who was in their vicinity.
"We're equal." They both thought before they continued their exchange.
Fists connected with flesh and kicks pushed them back. The ground around them cracked from the many impacts it was forced to sustain. Neither of them blocked and neither backed down.
Their fight grew in intensity until they were rushing all through the battlefield, acting like a tornado that would shred anything in its path.
Boom!
Their fists connected once more, but it seemed to carry some sort of resonance effect as the shockwave was amplified. Three unlucky individuals in their surroundings were caught off guard and directly knocked out.
"Hahahaha!" Damien roared with laughter. "This is it! I haven't had a fight like this in ages!"
Ethan was similarly jubilant. He was always known for his monstrous physical strength, making him undefeated by most people within his class range, but he'd finally met his match.
Once again, the two punched forward, directly connecting with each other's faces. Blood splashed and teeth were knocked out, but neither cared. In fact, Damien was suppressing his regeneration to the same level as Ethan's to allow the fight to continue.
Boom! Boom!
Everywhere they went they left havoc in their wake. Damien connected another kick to Ethan's ribs while the latter landed an uppercut to Damien's chin. It didn't seem like their fight would end anytime soon.
They continued like this for almost an hour. At some point, the announcer's voice had resounded, telling the participants to stop fighting. There were only 1,051 people left in the tournament. Whoever lost the current bout would be the last person eliminated.
Knowing this, the rest of the competitors backed away from the vicinity of the fight. They didn't want to be the next ones to be accidentally caught in the crossfire.
Abruptly, the two fighters separated. Looking at the fire in each other's eyes, they knew what they wanted. One final clash to decide it all.
Black lightning crackled around Damien's body, making him look like a devil, while fire erupted from Ethan's. But neither made any big moves. Instead, they focused their elemental mana in their fists and rushed towards each other.
 "HAAA!"
With a loud cry, Damien shot his fist forward to connect with Ethan's. An even bigger explosion came forth. The mix of fire and lightning was extremely destructive, charring the ground and creating a small crater beneath their feet.
But neither of them moved. They kept pushing their fists together as if they didn't want the other to get even a single bit of leeway. Finally, they once again jumped back.
While everyone was confused about what just happened, Damien spoke up. "In the final 12?"
Ethan nodded with a grin. "In the final 12."
They both sat down and healed their injuries as Damien looked around him. Spotting a random competitor, Damien teleported over and stole his bracelet without anyone noticing.
It was only when the announcer's voice rang out that people realized what happened.
"A participant has been disqualified! The first round of our Nexus Event has finally concluded! Stay tuned for the next round, folks! It looks like we have plenty of blood-boiling action ahead of us!"
The crowd let out a wave of cheers. Even though it was only the first event, it had already brought them so much excitement.
They couldn't wait for the next round to start.



Chapter 56 Interlude 1
The participants were once again covered in spatial light as they were teleported back to the main arena. Upon arrival, they were greeted with a cacophony of cheers, with various names being chanted over each other.
Damien even heard his own name being chanted by certain sections of the crowd. Looking around, Damien saw the leaderboard and understood why. The top 50 were clearly outlined and he was at the top of that list. Surprisingly though, he wasn't in first.
1st - Katherine Hart - 75 points
Seeing the name, a grin formed on his face. 'Losing sucks but at least it was her I lost to.' Damien's name was in second with 66 points.
The board was lined with names that would become famous after the event and surprisingly, only around half of them were supreme geniuses.
While only around 15 of them were eliminated, many were schemed against and outwitted into losing many of the bracelets they collected.
The 1,050 remaining participants were led off the stage and towards many back rooms for them to rest. They would be given a day to recuperate before the next event started.
The announcergave them one last tip as they left. "Pay attention to and make friends with the people around you, competitors! All I'll say is that the people you're sharing the private room with will be important in the next round!"
While they walked, Damien felt a nudge from behind him. "Weren't you going to wipe the floor with me? What happened to all your confidence?" A familiar voice said tauntingly.
Damien smiled as his hand snaked back and pinched her waist. "Yeah okay, this is just the first event. Let's see how you keep that energy after the next one."
Katherine slapped his hand away with a red face as she increased her pace and walked by his side. "That event was truly fun though. I got to test out a lot of things that I had only theorized in my training."
Damien nodded. "For sure. I limited my spatial ability so I could have more fun and it was a great time, especially that last fight."
"I wonder what the next game will be, though. There are still so many participants left and only 2 more events before the final 12 tournament."
Damien glanced around at the crowd of participants around them as he nodded. "True. If they keep doing solo events like this it'll take forever to whittle down the numbers while keeping the crowd entertained."
As the two continued to discuss the event, they arrived at the private rooms arranged for them. Each room was meant to fit 3 people so there was ample space. This was to further the original goal of the event, which is to forge ties between the various nations and races.
Damien and Katherine entered one of the private rooms and sat down on the couch as they continued talking.
The room was around the size of a two-bedroom apartment and came complete with a king-sized bed, full bathroom, and an assortment of various snacks. There was also a screen in the room that was a smaller version of those used to display the events to the audience. These were like this world's adaptation of television.
Damien wondered why there was only one bed when the room was meant for 3 people, but that question was soon answered. As he relaxed on the couch, Katherine suddenly pulled a lever that caused them to end up on their backs. It seemed this world had couch beds as well.
Katherine had pulled the lever to catch Damien off guard and see his startled expression, thinking it would be a fun prank. But clearly, she didn't think things through. They were a man and a woman now alone in a room laying on a relatively smaller bed together. Their bodies were practically touching already.
Glancing sideways, she ended up catching Damien looking at her too. Their faces were only inches apart. Seconds ticked away as the two stared into each other's eyes before they abruptly snapped out of their dazes. Katherine looked away hurriedly.
Her face blushed red and she thought of ways to get out of her current predicament, but there was no need. Her guardian angel had shown up in the form of a giant black wolf that squeezed herself into the spot between them, alleviating the awkwardness.
Truthfully, Katherine wasn't the only one saved. Damien had just discovered that his bestial instinct also had a taste for…other kinds of battle.
The second he turned his head and saw her face only inches away from him, his instinct flared, and like a little devil on his shoulder, it tried its hardest to coerce him into losing control.
Not knowing what to do in this situation, Damien went with his first idea, acting oblivious. He was a genuine weeb before he accidentally transmigrated, so he knew the ins and outs of this kind of situation.
'Japanese main characters are always dense as shit and that's the only reason the romance doesn't develop until the last episode of the entire anime! I'm a genius!'
Zara had come out after feeling his panic and hearing the idiotic thoughts running through his head. She glanced at him and rolled her eyes while sending various messages through their mental connection.
If Damien had to translate, it would come out as something like, "why are you being such a wuss about it? She wants to mate with you too right? So just do it, weirdo."
He had the urge to facepalm continuously while rolling on the ground with shame. Where did his innocent Zara even learn things like that? Not to mention, this was his first time in such a precarious situation.
 He wondered why this instinct didn't flare during his earlier interactions with her as well since this sort of closeness was only slightly rare at this point. 
Usually, neither of them would think much of it. They would just continue talking or messing around as if everything was normal. So why was his instinct acting up now? 'It can't be that I had that thought first right?'
The only explanation he could think of was that the instinct had just amplified thoughts that he already had, but he quickly shook off that idea.
'Let's continue playing the dense mc role. I don't have the mental capacity to deal with this right now.'
All this while, he was hugging Zara's body while ignoring the painful silence that filled the room.
Katherine was having similar yet completely different thoughts. 'What's happening to me? Since when did it become like that? Whatever it is, this can wait until the event ends. Focus on what's ahead of you!' She cheered herself on.
Then, as if it was a message from God, the screen in the room turned on. The announcer's face popped up along with an alternating view of many different fields with different terrains.
There was a completely flat and rocky area, a small sea filled with islands, a huge mountain, and even a city.
As the two's attention focused on the screen, the announcer started speaking.
"Greetings, competitors! I know you're all enjoying your rest so don't worry, I won't take too much of your time. However, it's time for me to explain the next game!
"This game is called Monolith Capture. This is a team vs team game! Participants are grouped into teams of 3 and given 1 week to familiarize with each other and strategize."
The view on the screen changed to a large rectangular object that was made out of some type of smooth metal.
"Each team possesses a monolith that they are responsible for guarding. Just like the Survival Games, each player has a bracelet artifact, but its use is very different.
"If you get within 10 meters of the opposing team's monolith, you can activate this bracelet to open it."
A man walked into the range of the rectangular monolith and injected mana into his bracelet. Suddenly, the monolith split in half top to bottom, and the back half fell to the floor. On the now opened inside of the monolith, there was a small screen.
"Inside the monolith is a code or phrase, a type of password. The goal is to type this password into your own team's monolith. The team that succeeds first wins the round, and the team that wins two rounds first is the overall winner!
"Did you ever play capture the flag as a kid? Well, this game is a more advanced version of that!
"There are 350 teams at the moment, and the game will continue until only 100 teams remain, aka 300 participants. As for your teammates, why do you think each private room holds 3 people?
"As I said before, you have 1 week to strategize, so get to it!"
With that, the screen shut off. It was only after hearing the announcer's words that the two of them realized that there was supposed to be another person in the room.
As they robotically stood up from the couch, an elf who looked in her twenties entered their view.
"H-hello. My name is Eva Lock. I-it'll be a pleasure working with you." She was also on the leaderboard so she would usually have a more confident demeanor, but the two others in the room were currently staring at her with death glares and billowing auras, so she couldn't help but shy away.
Damien and Katherine looked at each other.
"Silence her?"
"Silence her."
The two dashed at Eva. "W-wait! We can talk this out!" As she ran away from them, Eva desperately pleaded.
Meanwhile, Zara sat in the corner enjoying the show. Embarrassment wasn't something she understood. Maybe it was just beast culture, but seeing Damien get all flustered confused her, but also amused her.
It took several hours for the newly formed team to calm down. Eva had been thoroughly questioned and they made sure she saw nothing. As for the questioning method? It doesn't need to be mentioned…
After they calmed down they had a chance to properly talk over the event. Katherine started the conversation.
"This game will heavily rely on strategy and teamwork. We can't just wantonly charge forward or the other team will easily be able to grab our code and win. To start, let's introduce ourselves. I'm Katherine Hart, I have a wind and illusion affinity."
"Damien Void. Spatial and Lightning affinity."
Finally, it was the newcomer's turn. "Eva Lock. Nature affinity."
Damien raised his brow before grinning. "Hoh?"
"It seems like this event might be even easier than the first."



Chapter 57 Monolith Capture 1
The structure of the Monolith Capture event was simple. Just like the Survival games, the main event would also last a week, with 25 matches occurring every day. There would be 12 in the morning and 13 at night.
It was truly convenient that the matches were recorded, so people could watch them even if they weren't present while it was happening live. This way, people could prioritize what they wanted to watch without missing any dark horses or interesting drama.
For this reason. It was possible to hold many matches simultaneously. Within the private room, Damien, Katherine, and Eva were still discussing their plans.
"This guy over here is a brute through and through, so we should take care of the planning. Just make him follow whatever we come up with." Katherine said while eyeing Damien.
"Oi!" He countered, but he couldn't say anything. She was telling the truth. His battle sense and power were both extremely high, but his talent in strategizing was either not present or hadn't bloomed.
He had never needed to do too much strategizing. The dungeon was always filled with the most primal of battles and once he left it, he had felt a severe lack of life or death situations.
So, he let Katherine do the planning. If anything, this was what teamwork meant in the first place. He couldn't do everything himself, so he needed people to rely on to cover his weaknesses.
Damien suddenly had a thought. "Hey Eva, can you expand a bit about what your nature affinity can do?"
Eva looked hesitant but still decided to speak. "It's mainly as it sounds. Within a certain area, any nature is within my control. Trees, plants, and even the earth are included within my ability."
Damien fell into thought. 'This will be a major benefit to us when the terrain is in our favor, but there were islands and cities within the terrains we saw on the screen. We need to figure out a strategy that prevents her from being a liability.'
Voicing his thoughts, Damien looked to Katherine for the decision. She thought for a moment before responding. "Don't worry. I have a plan."
The week passed by in a flash as the many different teams worked to synergize and coordinate their attack patterns. It wasn't enough time to become truly cohesive, but it was enough to learn how to work together.
There would always be teams that couldn't work together, but that was their bad luck. In the first place, the teams were randomized. Otherwise, Damien and Katherine, who were second and first place in the first event, would have never been put on a team together.
The event also had one other mechanic that was based on luck. By the end of the event, only 100 teams were allowed to move forward, but with the way it was structured, 175 teams would win by the end of the week.
Due to this, another mechanism was added. 150 of those remaining teams would fight once again for their spot to continue, while 25 teams will be seeded directly to the third round.
Since they didn't know how many times they'd be fighting and also what terrain they'd be in, every team had to come up with various strategies to win. Just one or two wouldn't cut it.
Damien, Katherine, and Eva walked out of their private room. The first day of Monolith Capture had officially begun. Damien's luck was always good, but it seemed like it didn't want to help him anymore after putting him on the same team as Katherine. Their team was one of the first to compete.
This would naturally put them at a disadvantage as others would be able to read their team composition and movements to plan against them. But they weren't worried. They had planned for this very scenario long ago.
They walked up to an attendant, who handed them cards with the number '2' on them. This was their team number and the identifier that would be used for them throughout the event.
Arriving on the stage, they came face to face with their enemies. It was a team made up of two humans and a demihuman. As the two teams stared each other down, an automated voice resounded.
13 matches were going on simultaneously, so the support team for the event most likely prepared these recordings beforehand.
"Team 2 versus Team 43. Match Start."
When Damien opened his eyes, they were in a lush forest similar to the one he saw when he first arrived on the surface. "Good," he said, "this works perfectly with our plan."
Katherine continued his sentence. "Eva, you guard the monolith, Damien you know what to do, meanwhile, I'll prepare my part."
The three nodded at each other before they split up. Damien headed straight for the other team while Katherine split to the left. The monolith was right behind them when they spawned, so Eva stayed in place.
On the other side, similar events were taking place. "Donald, you know what to do. No matter what we can't let them approach." Said one of the humans to the other.
Donald nodded. "Same to you, Clark. Two of those guys are supreme geniuses, so we need to stay on guard at all times." The two of them then turned to the demihuman.
"Your physical strength surpasses both of us, Rex. Make sure you don't let anyone stop you. I'll distract their defense while you go straight for the monolith."
The three nodded at each other. It hadn't taken more than 5 minutes for them to sort everything out, so they thought they were safe. But they were very wrong.
Boom!
An explosion was heard throughout the forest as a black stream maneuvered its way forward. The group had decided that it'd be best to hide his spatial abilities for now, so he was purely basing his speed on lightning.
Unlike the opposing group, theirs had finished planning instantly and split up. There was no need for more talk after all the discussions they had during the week of preparation.
Damien zoomed through the forest without pause, seemingly wanting to brute strength his way through the round. Seeing this, Clark's face twisted. "Change of plans! Rex, hold him back! I'll head towards their monolith."
Rex, a lion demihuman, immediately rushed forward while Clark split off from him. As he ran, the earth pushed him forward, enhancing his speed.
Then, he collided with Damien, causing many trees to fall. The two started fighting without care.
Earth spikes and large levitating chunks of rock crashed towards Damien while bolts of lightning snaked towards Rex. They received each other's attacks and flew back.
Regaining balance, the two vigilantly stared each other down before they started clashing again.
***
Outside the arena, many participants were watching the match. Damien had made quite the showing in the first round in his fight against Ethan, so many were wary of him.
Ethan was also among those watching, as his match was scheduled for the evening portion of the day. 'He's holding back most of his power.' Ethan thought. 'His physical strength is on par with mine, so there's no way that lion would be able to fight on par with him. He's more flexible than I thought.'
In another area, the elf twins that came from Zenith Academy along with Damien were also watching the match.
"What do you think, Ara? He's been hiding his spatial affinity this whole time. Otherwise, he'd be able to easily win against these weaker competitors." The male twin said.
"Hmm," Ara responded, "I don't think he has the brain to come up with any strategies, Eren. It must be either that Katherine girl or the elf that's with them. However, we should still be wary. They might be fooling the crowd to increase their unpredictability in the coming rounds."
Eren nodded as he continued watching. Out of all the supreme geniuses he'd met before the first round, Damien was still the one who gave him the most dangerous feeling. 'If we have to go against him and that Katherine girl combined, it'll probably be our hardest fight.'
***
 Within the forest, Damien and Rex continued clashing, leading each other away from their respective monoliths. Meanwhile, Clark approached Eva's position.
'If the other two went ahead, she must be the weakest link. After all, she's not a supreme genius like them.'
Clark snuck towards the monolith as he charged lightning into his hands. Unlike Damien's, this lightning retained its original purple color.
When he got within range, he immediately infused his mana into his bracelet, causing the monolith to split and the code within to be revealed. He watched Eva panic within the concealment of the forest as he moved to peek at the code when his foot suddenly got stuck.
'This damn forest environment. These roots are everywhere. If I'm not careful it'll limit my mobility and cost us the win.'
He ignored the problem and continued moving, only to find himself stuck once again. "Dammit!" He cursed as he tried to free himself, but the moment he took his eyes off her, Eva's entire demeanor changed.
She raised her hand before dropping it once again. Countless tendrils of wood and vines charged towards Clark from all angles before entangling him within.
Startled, he wantonly released electricity to burn the vines. But he was too late. An entire tree trunk was already heading his way, crashing into his head and knocking him unconscious. Eva smiled. "Step 1 complete."
On the other side, Donald was still guarding the monolith. He felt an ominous feeling around him, but there was nobody there. He increased his vigilance in watching the surroundings.
Unbeknownst to him, the back half of the monolith had already fallen long ago, and a certain princess was already on her way back to her base with the code. Only a few minutes later did the illusion dispel, leaving a horrified Donald as the buzzer rang. The first round had been a clean win by team 2.
The second round was even faster. Since Eva's nature affinity had already been revealed, there was no need to be sneaky. They left Damien, the strongest of them, to guard the monolith and knock out anyone that approached, while Eva entangled the defenders and Katherine stole the code.
Even while knowing that illusions could be in play, the other team was unable to do anything. They simply lacked the strength to retaliate. The only reason they had survived so long in the first round was that Damien's team had a larger plan that they became pawns in.
And like that, their first battle in the second event ended in an overwhelming victory.



Chapter 58 Monolith Capture 2
After their match, Damien and Katherine rested for a few hours before returning to the arena to watch the other matches of the day.
Ethan's match had the most obvious outcome. His physical strength was almost unmatched, allowing him to brute force his way through his opponents. Since his team wasn't fighting supreme geniuses, there was no need for strategy.
It was an age-old saying that no schemes or trickery matter in the face of absolute strength.
It was unknown if the same strategy would be used against stronger opponents, but that didn't matter. The most shocking match was that of the twins.
Damien never paid too much attention to the others that had joined from the academy, but it seemed he had to do so starting now. The twins were up against a team with two supreme geniuses just like them, but they outmaneuvered their opponents easily.
While the male twin, Eren, was extremely adept at calculation and prediction, the female twin, Ara, was like a battle goddess. When they two were put together, they were truly terrifying.
The days passed quickly as many participants were eliminated. Out of the 50 supreme geniuses that were present at the start of the tournament, only half were remaining.
Besides getting matched up against each other, there were also plenty of cases where their arrogance cost them the win. Being titled as a supreme genius only outlined one's talent and current strength.
Using Evan, who Katherine demolished in the Survival Games, as an example, it was clear that intellect wasn't present in every genius.
Team 2's next match took place on the 4th day of the event. And just like Ethan did previously, they decided to brute strength their way through it. The terrain was a rocky flatland, and with Damien's elemental affinities, he wasn't disadvantaged in the slightest.
He charged through the opposing team and directly reached the monolith, cracking it open. Following this, Katherine used her propulsion technique to rapidly arrive at the code and memorize it before heading back to their monolith.
Both rounds played out the same way, leaving the opposing team with an irrefutable loss, but a weakness was finally discovered in team 2. With the lack of plant life, Eva became a liability who couldn't help in the slightest during the round.
None of the remaining participants were dumb enough to let this slight detail go. Team 2 was a variable and arguably one of the strongest competitors for them. If they could find even the slightest misstep to use against them, they would.
"Nature affinity has always been something our kind has prided themselves on, but it has its obvious weak points," Ara said as they watched team 2 exit the battle stage.
"Indeed," Eren responded. "If we get the city terrain, it'd be the most ideal setup for us. Even if Damien decided to use his spatial abilities, he would be severely limited by the environment. Our greatest threat would be the illusions."
The twins continued discussing. They had also won both of their matches and gained the right to proceed, but there was still the final 75 that needed to be eliminated before the next round started. There was no guarantee that any of them would be seeded, so they made ample preparations.
Damien, Katherine, and Eva were holding a similar conversation. "At this point, our greatest threat is the twins. The other teams are strong, but their intellect doesn't hold a candle to that Eren's." Katherine said.
Eva nodded. "Even before they left the elven domain for the academy, they were always lauded as some of the most talented from our generation. If there's anyone we need to be careful of, it's them."
Damien was silent, but he still agreed with them. They needed to plan out how to defeat the brain of those twins.
Soon, the week ended and the seeded teams were chosen at random. The announcer went up on the stage and used the simplest method, pulling strips of paper out of a sealed box. There was no method to cheat with the mana technology that was inlaid into the box.
As expected, neither team 2 nor the twins were seeded, however, Ethan's team got lucky enough to enter the pick. Damien was happy about this though. He had no interest in facing Ethan in this kind of strategy game.
He wanted to have a rematch where they fight each other with their full strength without any motive other than knocking the other party out.
Using the same format as the previous week, the matches continued for 3 days. It seemed like everyone else noticed the difference in strength between a certain two teams and the rest of the bunch, so they weren't picked to fight until the final day.
It was the final fight of the second round. Damien and Katherine versus Eren and Ara. The terrain had already been announced as the city, so Eva was cast out of the picture.
Besides her, nobody even remembered the name of the twins' third teammate. He had been largely useless anyway, just riding the coattails of his teammates. Even if he made it to the third round, he was destined to be eliminated at the start.
The match between these two groups was especially intense.
The first round went to the twins, who used insane strategies to win. Ara went straight for Damien and kept him occupied with a riveting fight while Eren went for the monolith. His affinity was earth, but rather than using it conventionally, he created golems and similar constructs to act as a puppet master.
This skill was something he hadn't brought out this far, catching the team off guard and allowing him to win the first round.
The second round, however, went to team 2. Using a more intricate version of their first strategy, Damien and Katherine managed to trick the twins into making a slight mistake that cost them the win.
The audience was in cheers the entire time. This match was by far the most entertaining of those that took place, making it obvious why it was left for last. It was the final round of their match and everything was on the line. The team that lost would lose everything.
Damien was currently in a meeting with his other two teammates.
"Alright. This is it, let's execute what we've been working towards this whole time."
When the round began, Damien immediately teleported towards the enemy monolith. It wasn't time to hide his spatial affinity anymore. Halfway there, he met Ara once again, but she didn't attempt to stop him.
Rather, they both kept rushing towards the other side's monolith. This last round wasn't one of strength nor strategy, it was purely reliant on speed. It was a race to see who could read and input the other's code faster.
Damien rushed to the monolith and quickly opened it, memorizing the code. All that was left was to reach his home base. Since warping was too much of a cheat, he decided to normally teleport back.
There was no excitement in taking the easy way out.
As Damien made his way back, Ara also reached the monolith. She activated her bracelet and opened it, but didn't immediately go for the code. First, she launched a plethora of attacks at its structure to make sure it was truth and not an illusion.
This was all the confirmation she needed. Illusions were still made up of mana after all. If she let out a constant barrage on the boundary of the illusion, it'd show at least the slightest fluctuation.
As she went to read the code, she silently celebrated. There was one final hidden card that would easily win her this match. The truth was, she and her twin brother shared a telepathic connection.
 Their closeness had been a result of this. Ever since their birth they could hear and read each other's thoughts. As they grew up, they became two sides of the same coin. As long as Ara read the code, Eren could immediately input it into the monolith. 
Sharing her excitement, Eren waited patiently with his hands at the monolith, ready to input the code immediately. He failed to notice the small vines that started creeping out of the cracks in the floor.
As both sides raced to the finish, everyone outside watched with bated breaths. This kind of showdown was far from what they expected to happen this round. One team had the smartest brain in the tournament, while the other had the strongest brawn.
For it to come down to speed made the results of the match even more unpredictable. Even Ethan didn't know what to think as he watched.
'From the way things are going, it seems the twins are going to win, but with how confident Damien sounded last time we talked, there should be something I'm missing, right?"
After he had been seeded, he went and had a conversation with Damien. The two had already scheduled their match in the top 12, so it'd be a shame if one of them didn't make it. Furthermore, the two ended up sparring to help each other improve.
'Well, he seems to be someone I could be great friends with, and none of my friends are average people. Let's see what he has up his sleeve.'
Ara had already reached the monolith. As she read the code, she saw Damien appear in the room. She couldn't help but grin. It was truly a tight match, but they were guaranteed to win now.
Eren received the code through their link and immediately moved to type it in when his body abruptly stiffened. 'What's happening to me?' No matter how much he tried, he couldn't move. An affinity that controlled nature sounded like something peace-loving elves would have, but that wasn't necessarily true.
Poison could also be made naturally. From within the shadows of the room, a figure emerged. This was Eva, who had been lying in wait all this time.
"You know," she said, "it's not good to underestimate your opponents."
On the other side of the city, Ara also stiffened for a second. But they weren't out of options yet. Even as Damien approached, she tried her best to convey the code to their third teammate in hopes of pulling off a game-winner, but her hope didn't last long.
She suddenly found Damien in front of the monolith that was suddenly a few inches in front of its earlier position, and the code in its surface was completely different.
"A backup plan of a backup plan," Damien said. "We could never be too careful when it came to someone with intellect on par with you two."
The reason the monolith could withstand her attacks without fluctuation was that at that time, it wasn't an illusion. It was only in the final moment before she arrived in front of it that Katherine slightly shifted its position and code to fool her.
Before Ara's helpless eyes, Damien punched in the code of their monolith, effectively winning the game.
The second round of the Nexus Event had ended just like that.



Chapter 59 Interlude 2
After they were teleported back onto the stage, the twins approached Damien's group.
"Congratulations on your win," Eren said. Although he was visibly disgruntled, he still acted like a good sport.
"Seriously! That last move was insane!" Ara continued. Her eyes were starry as she looked at Eva, not seeming bothered by the loss.
Rather than being bothered, she was excited to see an elf around their age who could keep up with supreme geniuses like Damien and Katherine.
"T-thank you," Eva responded meekly. Through their cooperation with her, Damien and Katherine had learned that her confidence only emerged when she was in battle, causing them endless amusement.
"If you don't mind me asking, did you plan for that situation all along?" Eren asked, getting straight to the point. Everyone knew which situation he was talking about.
Seeing that these twins were amiable people, Damien's group treated them the same. They slowly explained their game plan to the twins.
The plan they had made was simple. Hiding Damien's spatial abilities would benefit them if they faced anyone who hadn't met them at the academy, so it was more of a precaution. Meanwhile, the crux of their strategy was to undermine Eva's value.
Eva had a nature affinity, which showed its best potential in environments filled with lush greenery. No matter what this would be revealed when they ended up in a forest environment.
And since the forest was their first terrain, they decided to capitalize on it. Eva went all out and incapacitated the opposing team members without any issue, showing her use. Now that most of the attention was focused on Eva, it was time for the next step of the plan.
Their next location was a rocky flatland. During this round, Eva made sure to do nothing outstanding. Damien and Katherine carried the team as they plowed through the opposition. With Eva barely being useful, people started to make assumptions.
They used the second round of this match to solidify those assumptions that Eva wasn't useful outside of a green terrain. It was important for her to be seen as the weak link of the group.
And finally, their last opponent game. When they realized it was the twins they were up against, they knew that hiding Damien's spatial ability was pointless, as they came from the same academy. This didn't discourage them, though.
The first round was lost due to a surprise move on the twins' side, but they regained their footing in the second. All this time, they continued to play Eva as a weak link whose participation no longer mattered.
And it all came to fruition during that final round. It was a round where speed took priority over strength and wits like the previous two rounds. In this round, any small distraction would cost the win, causing both teams to enter a hyper-focused state.
In this state, the twins had failed to realize Eva's continued presence in their base. She had been warped there by Damien at the very start. After all, he already knew the base's location from the previous rounds.
If he wanted, Damien could've ended the Monolith Capture game in an instant. His power was simply a perfect counter for the game's mechanics. However, he didn't do it because he wanted to have fun. This is why the only time he used warp was to get Eva into position.
While the two teams raced to each other's monoliths, she planted seeds within the cracks on the ground, and the vines that sprouted from them snaked their way to Eren.
A nature affinity was special in this way. It was mainly used to nurture rather than fight, but when needed, this nurturing power could be turned against enemies. Eva's young age was the reason people assumed she couldn't capitalize on this and only used her power for crowd control.
And the truth was, they were right. Eva indeed had no idea her power could be used this way until she met Damien and Katherine. The creativity of these two with elusive elements helped her break past a roadblock that she had been facing for many years regarding her attack power.
And once she knew the direction, it didn't take her long to figure out the application. She had brought small poisonous plant seeds with her into the final round and had already achieved permission from the support staff of the event.
 Although her role seemed small, in that she only stunned Eren near the end, this small move was what won them the match. Even with the fail-safe they had made of Katherine using illusions on the monolith, it wasn't guaranteed that they won until Eren had been incapacitated.
The plan overall was a simple case of misdirection that had reaped immense benefits.
As the twins listened, their eyes were filled with an understanding light. "It's no wonder. The plan focused on the innate arrogance that everyone carries. If it wasn't for this, there's no way we would have overlooked anyone even if they were the weakest participant."
Damien smiled and nodded.
"To be honest, even we would probably do the same in your situation. We were titled as supreme geniuses, and even if many with the same title have fallen, it doesn't discredit our achievement.
"It's natural for us to hold arrogance and look down on those normal participants, but it needs to be remembered that they're geniuses in their own right. After all, look at our little Eva here." Damien said teasingly as he patted her head.
Eva blushed slightly, causing Katherine's eyes to narrow as she went directly for Damien's waist, giving it a solid pinch.
"Ow! Ow! What's that for?" Damien cried as he acted exaggeratedly pained.
"Hmph! It doesn't matter what it was for, just know you deserved it!" Katherine replied as she turned her head away, hiding her slight smile.
Eva also smiled helplessly as she watched the two. Even her first meeting with them had begun with her witnessing the subtle tension between them, how could she not understand what was going on? Only, she had no plans to interfere.
She never even saw Damien romantically, only blushing due to the unexpected contact. She wasn't racist by any means, but to please her family she wanted to marry within the elven clans.
The group continued talking about the various strategies they had made for the game as they went back to the private rooms assigned to them.
Although the twins had been disqualified, they were supreme geniuses, so their accommodations were covered until the end of the tournament. They were more than welcome to stay and watch.
When the group split up, Eva also followed the twins, as she had gotten friendly with Ara during their short time talking.
Damien and Katherine smiled as they walked away.
"She was fun to hang out with during this past week. It's a little sad that we won't be able to see her again."
Damien shook his head as he responded. "Why wouldn't you get to see her again? We live in the same world, and not all elves stay within the Helia Forest, so the possibility always exists."
Katherine nodded, trying to shake off her slight loneliness. Noticing this, Damien changed the subject.
"It's almost time for the final round, you know? While they allowed 300 participants to pass this round, it'll only be 12 from the next. And after that, we can finally fight like we've been wanting to do since our first meeting."
Katherine's eyes brightened. With a battle maniac, talking about fighting was always the best medicine.
"That's right!" She exclaimed, " I can finally beat your ass and show you who's the best between us."
Damien grinned seeing her mood improve. "Yup, it's finally time for us to figure that out. After that, we get to do some fun adventuring."
Damien was obviously referring to the secret realm. He still didn't have much information on it, but it being shrouded in mystery only made him more excited. Just like he felt back in the dungeon, he knew.
Maybe it was something he inherently had or maybe it was a feature of his eyes, but something within him was screaming.
A massive opportunity was waiting for him within that secret realm.
Shoving down his bubbling excitement, Damien continued to chat with Katherine as he waited for the screen to turn on once again to show them the rules for the final round.
It didn't take long, as the announcer's face popped into his view only two hours later.
"Good evening once again! As you all know, only 300 of you remain in the event, and we're reaching the final stretch! It's time for me to reveal our last game!
"This game will be much more simple than the previous one. It's called King of the Hill. The rules are also not nearly as complicated. The first round was based on survival, the second based on intelligence, and now this third round is based on strength, though your wits will definitely help you.
"Competitors will be separated into groups of 25 and put in their respective arenas. Each arena has a single capture point. The goal of this round is to stay within the radius of the capture point as long as possible.
The projection shifted to show 12 small mountains that were lined up adjacent to one another. At the peak of each mountain, there was a circular zone with a black flag in the middle.
"As long as you're in that radius you'll gain points with time. Only one person is allowed within the radius at one time. If two people are in there at the same time, no points will be awarded.
"This game will be unlike the previous two! It is a game of speed and fortune! The time limit will only be a single day, and the 12 people with the most points at the end will advance to the fighting tournament! Good luck competitors!"
With that, the screen went black once again. Damien and Katherine looked at each other and grinned. Was it sheer coincidence or was it planned for the start? There were only 12 supreme geniuses left in the competition after the twins were disqualified.
It was obvious what this meant. Either the supreme geniuses would easily pass this game and fill the top 12, or a dark horse would bare its fangs and cause an upset.
The closing act of the Nexus Event had begun.



Chapter 60 King of the Hill 1
Damien had no plans to go easy during this round like he did in the previous two. He would be the only supreme genius within the 25 competitors in his arena, so he'd be a prime target.
Not to mention, after this round came the top 12 tournament where he would truly fight the best of the best. He didn't want to waste any more time on those that couldn't cause his eyes to let off even the slightest hint of a warning bell.
It wasn't even a matter of levels at this point, rather it once again came back to control and mana circuits. The former was something that could be improved with practice, but the latter was usually present only in large families or clans.
Time passed quickly as hype for the final game grew.
***
In the penthouse that Damien's group entered when they first arrived at the venue, the leaders of the various powers were conversing.
"It's surprising how many of the supreme geniuses fell this year. Not only were they paired with each other quite often, but there were also many normal competitors with tactical knowledge that surpassed them." The Elf Queen stated as she observed the competitors who were approaching the stage.
"Indeed. Not only that, even the disparity between supreme geniuses was large this year. There were three in particular that I've had my eyes on." Responded the Dwarf King.
"Well, one of them is of royal descent so that isn't too surprising. The other two boys have astonishing physical strength. I haven't seen that boy Ethan use much of his fire abilities, but that Damien kid has some powerful lightning." The Stanton Emperor pointed out.
Malcolm smiled at this. 'If you knew how weak his lightning is in comparison to his other affinity, how would you react then?'
Suddenly, an unexpected voice rang out. "That boy is still hiding the majority of his power. If I'm not wrong, his main abilities should stem from his spatial affinity. The teleportation he showed in the previous rounds was just the tip of the iceberg."
Everyone turned to the pink-haired man who had spoken with surprise. He wasn't the talkative type, so it was rare to hear him praise someone. Most of them hadn't even heard him praise his own children, let alone an outsider.
The Beast Empress giggled. "My my, who would have expected you to praise that boy. That girl is the 2nd princess, no? It seems she's taken quite a liking to him. Maybe you've already considered accepting him into your family?"
The fact that Katherine was one of the royal children didn't matter much to these leaders. There was no ban on their descendants participating in the tournament, it was just that most of them held too much arrogance to compete with the masses in such a fashion.
They didn't enjoy sheltering their children, as they knew that life or death battles and the pressure of real danger were the best way to temper their wills and abilities, but they couldn't do much about situations like this.
This event was meant for enjoyment and building personal relations. They didn't need to appear. Besides that, they didn't want to involve politics in an affair like this one, so they never pressured their children to compete.
The Adelaire Emperor spoke again, continuing the previous conversation. "Hmph. The boy is an unknown. Until I find out where he came from and what his goals are, I won't give him the slightest chance."
The Lennon Emperor raised his brow. "I've heard that your 2nd daughter has an adventurous personality. Are you sure she'd even ask your opinion before she makes that decision, James?"
The Adelaire Emperor's brows twitched. Even he doubted this point. He was also a youth that yearned for freedom at one point. He had roamed the continent and carved a name for himself through various deeds, allowing him to maintain the position he had today.
He knew that he wouldn't be able to sway her decision if she wanted something, and since she usually aimed to earn those things with her own strength, he wouldn't interfere. However, this matter was different.
Regardless of his status and regardless of his indifferent demeanor, he was still her father. At the end of the day, all he wanted was to make sure she wasn't being conned or trapped by someone despicable.
But he also knew that his worries were needless. Katherine's eyes never failed her when judging people's true intentions and personalities.
This feature was why he always allowed her to venture relatively unaccompanied as long as she was disguised and used her fake name.
***
While the Emperors conversed, the competitors had been transported to the bottoms of their respective mountains.
Out of the 300 remaining, only 12 would move forward. These odds lit fires of determination in each of the competitors' eyes. Regardless of whether they won or lost, they'd earn glory, but that didn't change anything. Nobody was content with quitting here.
Damien looked up at the mountain in front of him and was genuinely unimpressed. It wasn't his fault though, he had spent 6 months training on one of the largest mountains in the human domain.
Compared to that behemoth, this one looked like a mere hill, which was apt considering the game's name. The surface was mostly rocky with patches of forest here and there. It was clearly a terrain made for the competition rather than something that would grow in nature.
Damien then moved on to the other 24 participants around him. It seemed they'd come to an unsaid agreement, as all their eyes were focused on him. Damien couldn't suppress the predatory grin that formed on his face.
'Since you want to play like that, I'll get just a tad bit more serious. Let's see how you deal with me then.'
 As the announcer's voice rang out, the final round finally began. 
Without wasting a single second, Damien had already teleported hundreds of meters up the mountain, startling both the competitors and the audience outside.
Thus far, he had only shown a range that spanned a few tens of meters, so the abrupt change was shocking.
Not minding the dazed opposition, Damien continued making his way up the mountain. It was only when he reached the halfway point that the others realized their mistake.
They didn't attack nor hinder each other as they all climbed the mountain. Their only goal was to defeat this supreme genius in front of them. Everything else came later.
When Damien reached the peak, a holographic screen appeared in front of him.
Participant: Damien Void
Time Captured: 00:00:03
Points Earned: 0
The announcer had never explained how much time needed to pass for one to earn points, so Damien kept a close eye on this screen as the other competitors closed the distance.
Even after they arrived Damien didn't pay attention to them. They threw a plethora of elemental attacks at him from afar, hoping to cause him trouble before they could arrive, but it was wholly ineffective.
It was unlike anything they'd ever seen before. Every attack they launched at him bounced back after reaching a certain distance from him. It was as if he was completely impervious to their assault.
Time Captured: 00:05:14
Points Earned: 5
Damien was still focused on the screen in front of him. It seemed that every minute he would earn a point, but he had arrived at the capture point too early, leaving him to wait 5 minutes before the tally even began.
It made sense for the points to count at such a rapid pace. In usual situations, the person occupying the capture point would constantly be changing, leading to a lack of points being gained if it took too long to earn them.
Besides, the points only mattered in this one round. They didn't count towards overall ranking, which would be decided by the single-elimination tournament. Those that were eliminated here would be ranked based on the overall points they gained through all the rounds combined, though.
These people would make up the rest of the top 50 who would gain access to the secret realm.
Suddenly, the counter paused. "Hm?" When Damien looked up, he saw that another competitor had entered the circle with him. The circle was large but only enough to contain around 3 people if they were moving constantly during battle.
For this reason, the other competitors decided to enter direct combat one by one while the rest supported from the back.
Damien still didn't pay attention to them. In this round, there were no early eliminations and everyone would be eliminated at the very end, so he couldn't be too hard on them when it came to injuries. Otherwise, the round would end too fast.
He just lightly flicked lightning at the ones who entered the capture point, pushing them out of range, while casually blocking the ranged assault with his vector field.
The audience was stunned by this overbearing performance. This wasn't how the tournament was supposed to go, right? Their doubts were easily confirmed when they looked at the screens that showed the other battles taking place.
It was a fierce competition where even supreme geniuses were having trouble keeping the capture point locked for long periods.
There were only 3 screens where the other competitors didn't stand a single chance.
One was Damien, whose case didn't need to be explained further.
The next was Ethan. He still wasn't utilizing his elemental abilities much, only using his fire to block larger projectiles that were headed towards him. His main style was simply punching competitors out of his ring as they came, brute-forcing his way to the top.
The final one was Katherine. Her case was more artistic to watch. She danced through incoming projectiles as if she was putting on a show. Her movements were both graceful and precise, leaving a strong impression that won the hearts of many men in the audience.
Besides that, she didn't need to face a single competitor in direct combat. Any time one of them attempted to walk forward into the ring, they'd end up moving in another random direction.
Sometimes right, sometimes left, and sometimes even backward as they walked down the mountain. Some competitors even tried walking in another direction from the start, hoping to trick the illusion, but they just ended up looking dumb.
For these 3 geniuses, this round was a breeze.
However, an interesting show was taking place within one of the other arenas…



Chapter 61 King of the Hill 2
Boom!
 The audience's attention was stolen by a massive explosion. On one of the screens in front of them, they saw a spectacular sight. 
Within the area of the capture point, massive tentacles made of pure darkness thrashed around, kicking up clouds of dust and stone.
Constant small explosions rang out as the competitors attempted to circumvent the tentacles, but their efforts didn't beget any gains.
The caster of the massive tentacles obviously wouldn't have the mana capacity to uphold them for a long time, so he'd cast them in bursts whenever he needed them.
When they weren't active, he'd send out spikes of darkness and explosive balls that corroded everything they touched.
The darkness element was different from Zara's shadow element. Darkness element was best known for its ability to corrode, curse, and even summon undead if one had the talent. It was an element that was widely looked down upon due to its eerie nature and the vileness of some of its users.
After all, necromancy was a branch of darkness, and desecrating the corpses of the fallen was something many people saw as wicked. But this wasn't everyone. Just like nature or the system, elements were never morally aligned. Their morality depended wholly on the user, leading many to choose against discriminating.
On the opposite end of the spectrum was the light element, which specialized in healing, purification, speed, and burst attacks. The light element was the main reason beast meat became consumable by other species.
Its purification qualities allowed the mana to be cleansed of harmful properties that cause mutation. Light element users usually became priest classes or something similar but it wasn't their only option.
Take Elena for example. Although she did have the ability to heal, she chose a more offensive route for her abilities. She prioritized speed and endless stamina while her attack power was also great.
Then came the shadow element. It was widely acknowledged as being a sort of mix between the prior two elements. The qualities of both could be seen within it, as it specialized in speed, corrosion, and its specialty, concealment.
There was a theory that shadow ability users could potentially use both light and darkness elements if they became strong enough, but it was still not proven.
Back to the battle, the one controlling the darkness tentacles wasn't any supreme genius, rather it was a dark horse that had finally appeared.
It was unknown why he hid his darkness affinity, but perhaps it was due to the potential scorn he'd receive from the audience.
The boy looked like an elf, but his ears were distinctly shorter and his facial structure was entirely different. Judging by these qualities, it was clear he was a half-elf.
As he kept using his darkness, it was clear that his body wasn't strong. He never entered direct confrontation with his attackers and opted to take range and focus on crowd control.
Suddenly, a man shot out from the crowd of opponents with a flash, aiming to directly take out the half-elf even if it meant he'd go down too. He had a sinister look in his eyes, evidently displaying his disdain.
"You fiends who use darkness shouldn't be allowed to exist! Allow me to cleanse you!" The man shouted as flames burst from his body.
But the half-elf didn't panic. He'd been berated the same way many times throughout his life, so it no longer affected him.
"I have never once done anything evil in my life. If you wish to brand me as such simply due to the affinity I was born with, you are the true scourge."
A large clump of darkness coalesced in his hand to form a longbow before another clump became an arrow. He pulled back the bowstring as he calculated the trajectory it should take. Then, calmly staring down his opponent, he released the string.
The arrow ripped through the air before piercing into the man's shoulder. The shot had rung true.
"AGH!" The man screamed as his shoulder began to wither. Before he could make any more moves, he was slapped by a tentacle and flew hundreds of meters down the mountain.
The crowd cheered. This was an event attended by even 4th class beings. They did not doubt the character of the participants. Just for this one event, even the ones with prejudice would throw away their cares to enjoy the fun.
The King of the Hill event continued without a hitch for the rest of its duration before finally coming to an end. The results didn't even need to be mentioned.
Damien came in first, not being pushed out of his position on the capture point even once, while Katherine followed second and Ethan was third.
The rest of the rounds were mostly won by the remaining supreme geniuses, but the half-elf dark horse managed to cement himself a spot in the final 12 as well.
The competitors were once again teleported out. Damien didn't waste any time returning to the private room this time. Not even stopping to talk to Katherine. Entering the room, he sat down on the couch and covered his eyes with his hands.
The final 12 was where he would get serious. He wouldn't allow anyone to stand in his way. Now that the time had come, he once again reminded himself of his goals.
'My mother is still in the hospital. It's been 3 years since I left earth already, and I have no idea what's going on there.'
While thinking of his mother, he also remembered another figure that he hadn't thought about since his early days in the dungeon.
'It's been so hectic that I even forgot about Elena. She was always a good friend of mine, and if I'm being 100% honest with myself, there was a time where I felt much stronger feelings towards her.'
Suddenly, another figure flashed into his mind, but he quickly shook that off. He didn't want to think about romance. Even saying those 3 words that people usually say to each other when they care for each other enough were words that he couldn't get out of his mouth.
He didn't know why that was. Even saying those words to his mother was something he only remembered doing a few times. It wasn't just the feelings of cringe and embarrassment that held him back, there was something deeper.
This deeper feeling became even more pronounced after his fall. No matter how much he socialized and no matter how much he bantered, he could never get rid of this gnawing feeling.
'What if they end up leaving me one day? What if they end up betraying me?'
He had made improvements due to Zara and Katherine, but he was still extremely underdeveloped emotionally. He spent his younger days getting bullied for various reasons. Not having a dad, his body that never changed from its stick-like figure, his awkward personality, and many more.
And after the World Awakening, he was forced to spend his days with the sole purpose of making money to support himself and his comatose mother.
'Survival'
The word popped into Damien's mind again. As he reminisced on the past, he realized that his struggle for survival started even before it manifested in a literal sense. Maybe the fact that he was always struggling to survive in the unforgiving world was the reason he could so easily forge his will at the beginning of his journey.
His only thought for so long had been survival. Taking care of his mother and himself, and then staying alive. Where was there time for him to mature emotionally? It was more apt to say that any strong emotions he had were suppressed.
It was only in battle that he could fully express himself without care. Maybe this was the reason he became a battle maniac in the first place.
The freedom he felt when he put his life on the line and the excitement that pumped through his veins when he clashed blades with others, these feelings were euphoric and addictive to him.
It was fun. It brought him joy. He could barely spare a moment for rest and joy for many many years, so finding joy in fighting was something he relished. He wished to hold onto that feeling as long as he could.
Maybe once he won the tournament, once he explored the secret realm and obtained his 3rd class, once he finally found a surefire method to return to earth, and once he finally had his mother back, he would be able to relish in feelings of happiness and maybe even think about romance.
His thoughts came full circle as they got back on the right track. He had no idea why he suddenly became emotional, but he didn't mind.
Being someone who didn't have the ability to feel intense emotion and sadness, he also relished this feeling. It meant that no matter what he had become, he could still confidently say that he was himself. He was a being that cared about the consequences of his actions.
Uncovering his eyes, Damien noticed he wasn't alone anymore.
Katherine had long since entered the practice room, but sensing the forlorn aura around Damien, she stayed silent and simply watched. Zara stood at her side and did the same. Although they both wanted to comfort him, they felt that they didn't have the right to do so. Whatever was bothering him was out of their control.
'What is it that's making him act like this?' Katherine thought. During the many months they'd known each other and even seen each other on a daily basis, she had never witnessed Damien hold this kind of aura or expression.
However, before she could delve deeper into her thoughts, Damien stood up. Taking another look at him, he seemed back to normal. It'd be impossible to tell that he was depressed or even sad in the slightest only a few seconds ago.
"Are you okay?" Katherine asked worriedly. She respected his privacy, but that didn't mean she didn't want to understand him.
"Yeah, I was just thinking about some things. It doesn't matter now, what's important is that we're going to decide a winner soon." Damien smiled gently before patting her head.
Walking past a stunned Katherine, Damien continued to talk.
"Better not stay dazed for too long, I'll be waiting for you at the top."



Chapter 62 Final 12 1
The structure of the final 12 tournament had been decided, and it seemed luck was on Damien's side. He and Katherine were on opposite sides of the bracket, making it so that if they fought, it would be in the finals.
With the Nexus Event winding down, the tournament would only last 4 days. There would be 2 fights a day, with the final day being used only for the finals and the award ceremony that followed it.
For the final 12 tournament, the use of artifacts would once again be allowed in the competition. Now that only the strongest remained, it would give them the most entertainment this way.
There were still regulations though. The competitors were required to use artifacts of the same grade when they compete. For instance, if one side had an SS rank artifact while the other only had an A rank, both competitors would have to use A rank artifacts.
This was to further the inclusion of fairness. Since there was a dark horse this year, another rule was added. If the participant didn't have an artifact, they would be given one that either matched the grade of their opponent's or both competitors would be given artifacts of the same grade.
Of course, this addition only applied to offensive artifacts and weapons. Defensive artifacts were still banned, as it would be too much of a hassle for the staff to regulate their usage.
Defensive artifacts came in many different forms, with some being armor and others being small rings or accessories that could generate barriers.
The variety was something they didn't want to control, as too many restrictions wouldn't net them any benefit.
Damien thought over these rules in his head. As he walked to the stage. he encountered Ethan who proceeded to start a conversation.
"Yo! It seems the tournament staff had kept our first fight in mind when they structured the bracket and made it so we would only face off in the semi-finals"
Damien nodded. The dark horse and Katherine were also set up in such a way. The tournament staff definitely knew that the outcomes of the 1v1v1 fights were decided.
 Although the other supreme geniuses ended up winning their King of the Hill matches, they were extremely close games, completely unlike those of the aforementioned 4, who dominated their competition.
"Of course they'd do that," Damien responded, "our fight will be too amazing, how could they start the tournament like that?"
Ethan broke into a fit of loud laughter. "You're right! But I saw your king of the hill match. I know I can't keep up with you if you use that crazy barrier, but I'll entertain to the best of my abilities."
Damien also laughed. "Sure, I'll be waiting for you in the semi-finals then."
They strongly shook hands before going their separate ways. It was time for them to sweep their first matches.
And that's exactly how it went. Damien barely even had to try in his first match to destroy his competition. It reinforced his belief that not all supreme geniuses were built the same.
The two opponents had teamed up to deal with Damien before fighting amongst themselves, but this was a useless strategy. Damien didn't even activate his vector field, using only his basic distortion ability along with his lightning and plasma beams to win.
Even his sword was still unused. He tried to find enjoyment in every battle after his small bit of introspection earlier, but he couldn't do it against these weaker opponents. He was never the kind of guy who killed ants for fun.
Due to this, he was filled with anticipation for his semifinal fight. Ethan had already proved that he could give Damien a blood-pumping fight, so he didn't have any worries. Now, he was curious about what Ethan used as an artifact.
The impression he gave off was of someone who fought with their fists, but Damien doubted this. Ethan's status within the beast domain didn't seem to be very low, so he had to have an artifact or two.
2 days passed and the other opening matches had ended. As expected, Katherine and the dark horse came out on top.
Katherine had simply trapped the other two in an illusion until they eliminated each other, while the dark horse spent much more effort. He was forced to use many tricks and deceptions to gain a perfect opportunity to snipe his opponents with his darkness arrows.
It was now the day of the semifinals and Damien and Ethan were standing on a cracked and barren desert as they faced each other. Both of them stood unarmed at the moment, but there was no doubt that they wouldn't continue that way for long.
As the match was started, both of them kicked off at max speed and met each other with fists. It seemed they wanted to start the same way they did back in the first round.
Neither of them made any moves to block as fists and kicks landed on their faces stomachs and ribs and both of them slowly drew blood from their opponent. It was an extremely primal fight. The ground caved slightly from impact and dust clouds sprang up from the force as the two continued this cycle.
Then, a change occurred. As if they had previously agreed, both of them infused their elements into their bodies. One was on fire while the other was covered in lightning as they once again charged.
Their fight became much more destructive. Wild arcs of lightning bounced around the arid atmosphere as they met with tongues of flame. These meetings led to explosions that would randomly destroy the surrounding scenery.
No matter how much they continued, though, neither of them got the lead on the other. Damien had recently achieved the Master level of control with his lightning element and was focusing on its destructive properties, creating plasma as his main use, but he didn't use this ability.
This fight was a pure frontal assault, and he felt like attacking from range would signify his loss. Ethan shared this feeling, so they continued to duke it out. Finally, they both pulled out their artifacts.
Damien's pitch black sword with its intricate purple designs crackled with lightning as the space around it slightly bent and twisted. On the other side, Ethan wielded a massive dual-sided war hammer. It was a mixture of gold and red and emanated a regal aura. The two grinned before charging again. Damien didn't waste time.
'Void Sword Art First Step: Bladeless.'
His blade vanished as a huge gash was created in the ground, but Ethan was prepared. Sensing an invisible force headed towards him, he let out a resounding battle cry.
"HAA!"
He swung his war hammer down with full force as it crashed into the ground. Shockwaves spread as a wave of fire met the spatial tear created by Damien. A battle of elements then began. Both sides pushed against each other but none could gain an advantage.
Taking this chance, Damien transitioned into dance of the void as he charged towards Ethan. His movements became elusive and graceful as he vanished in and out of space. Ethan was put on the defensive. He was a brute through and through and had never tried to figure out such a patterned and structured movement like Damien's second step sword art.
Their battle continued to rage on. Ethan had switched his approach as the fire surrounding his war hammer coagulated. Every strike he sent was accompanied by a massive explosion created by Ethan's use of fire's combustion properties. As time passed, his mana capacity began to dwindle. Noticing something, Damien paused his attack as the two made distance.
"Friend, it seems my mana can't keep up with you. I've already lost, but let's end this with a bang. I'll be using my strongest attack, so I hope you'll join me in doing the same."
Damien nodded with a light of respect in his eyes. When it came to physical strength and battle sense, he'd found an equal and a rival in Ethan. Showing him this type of respect in battle was a given. As they stared at each other, their mana raged. At its apex, they released their attacks.
On Damien's side, it was his classic third step, spatial collapse. This was still and might forever be one of his strongest moves. On Ethan's side, a massive firestorm raged. A sea of fire filled with flaming tornadoes charged forward to meet the collapsed space Damien created.
Its result wasn't an explosion, but rather a deafening silence. The flaming sea was swallowed by the collapsed space before a true battle began. The destructive properties of the fire tried their hardest to destroy the portion of space and almost succeeded.
A phenomenon Damien had never witnessed before took place as small cracks formed on the outside of the portion of space he'd collapsed. It was a sign that the area would be broken soon. But it didn't happen. The flaming sea slowly died down before it could escape the collapsed space and continue its charge.
Ethan began falling to the ground but was quickly caught by Damien, who put Ethan's arm around his shoulder.
"I may have won this time, but it was mainly due to my greater mana capacity. I expect an even grander fight from you next time."
Ethan grinned. "That's right. Next time you won't even have a chance to beg for mercy, I can promise you that much."
The two had established a firm relationship through battle and had officially titled each other as friends. With the results obvious, it didn't take long for them to be teleported out. They then witnessed another surprising scene.
Katherine was standing there waiting for them while the dark horse was sprawled on the ground, looking like he had just seen something terrifying.
Looking at Damien, Katherine flashed a demonic smile that caused both men to shiver. "I'll see you in the finals then, yeah?"
As she walked off, Ethan turned to look at Damien. 'He's trying to tame that woman? A true man indeed.'



Chapter 63 Final 12 2
After Damien caught up the Katherine, the two began talking about their fights. While Damien's was a normal fight story, Katherine's was on another level.
The fight had started normally, with the dark horse utilizing his darkness element to corrode the surrounding environment and trying to corrode her as well, while Katherine fought back with her wind. She created a field around her that the corrosion couldn't penetrate and attacked at range with her wind swords and bullets.
She hadn't used her illusion affinity yet as she decided to train her wind during combat. As the battle raged on, the dark horse became more confident and went on a fierce offensive. He used his darkness arrows to penetrate her field, allowing the corrosion to affect her.
However, this was when something unexpected happened. When Katherine felt the corrosion affecting her body, she suddenly received an epiphany about her use of illusions. Her thoughts were simple.
'Can I use illusions to mimic sensations as well?'
Once it entered her head, she couldn't get it out. She stopped focusing on her wind and switched her strategy. From then on, it was a one-sided battle. Katherine used her illusions to amplify her attack power as she always did, but she added something new.
With every attack that even slightly nicked the dark horse, he started to feel more pain than he should have. It didn't work very well at the beginning, but she had a whole fight to improve herself.
At first, it was a slight change, turning a pinprick into a paper cut, but as time went on, her mastery over the concept intensified. Katherine's illusion control was already at the Master level, as she had started on a path to affect reality, so it wasn't like she was starting from scratch.
 Rather, what she had to do was figure out how to use the same concepts she had been constantly training on a more ethereal thing like sensations and pain. All the while, even as she bombarded the dark horse, she was also testing her abilities on herself.
She made small cuts on her skin and attempted to amplify the pain. Her master had taught her something crucial regarding illusions, which was that they always tend to hold more power if the caster had more understanding towards what they want to portray.
If Katherine wanted to create an average chair out of her illusions and sit on it, it'd be possible. The chair would feel real even if it wasn't. But if she wanted to create a sun, it was impossible. It'd only be a projection that didn't contain the power or properties of a star.
When she thought like this, she realized something else. She had already been subconsciously affecting sensations by attempting to make her illusions feel real to the touch and the eyes. It wasn't a new concept at all, rather it was a simple change in direction.
With this, she knew her path. Her advancement speed became rapid and the small cuts she created on her skin were hurting like deep gashes.
By this point, around an hour and a half had passed since the fight started. When Katherine started utilizing illusions, the dark horse lost his chance to win. His attacks would reach Katherine, only for him to find that she wasn't there in the first place.
To make it worse, his whole body was aching. The small wounds he'd built up throughout the fight were causing him more pain than he thought normal. Suddenly, a wind blade sped past him as he narrowly dodged, escaping with only a flesh wound.
But this was enough. The dark horse felt like his entire left side had been gouged with a massive claw. Katherine didn't stop, relentlessly attacking him as the pain in his body was amplified past his limit. But she wasn't done. For her final experiment, she decided to test the corruption she had felt earlier.
Although it didn't work on the same scale as the dark horse's attack, it was truly overkill. Added onto his previous pain, the slow spread of corruption and decay he felt within his body was the final straw. Without even the ability to speak, he passed out.
It was only after being teleported back to the stage that he had woken up, feeling only slight pain in his body as it should have been. This was the reason for his terrified face. The fact that it seemed like it was all a dream, but he knew for a fact that it happened was terrifying.
Even Damien was slightly terrified hearing this. Even though his eyes could cancel any physical illusions used on him, he had no idea if it'd work on sensations. He casually asked Katherine to make him a chair, wanting to test his theory.
Sitting on the illusionary chair, Damien felt all the small hairs on his body raise. Although his eyes did warn him that the feeling of touch he felt was an illusion, it didn't block the illusion itself.
Now he knew. When he faced her, even if he knew his pain was an illusion, he'd still feel all the pain.
'Well, I'll deal with it as it comes.'
The day passed quickly as the finals approached. The talk of the whole continent revolved around the two geniuses competing for the top spot in the tournament.
The common populace was incomparably excited. They had even given Damien and Katherine the nicknames of 'Spatial Lightning Prince' and 'Illusive Wind Fairy' respectively. It seemed that their naming sense was especially terrible.
Most people were aware of the cringe that those nicknames held, so once they found out about Damien's adventurer days, they opted to continue calling him the 'Grim Reaper' instead, while Katherine's was just shortened to 'Illusive Fairy'. Now that it was time for the finals, the betting houses were packed.
"100 gold on the Grim Reaper!"
"What are you talking about you idiot! Obviously, the winner will be our Illusive Fairy!"
Suddenly a new voice rang out. "1 white gold coin on the Grim Reaper!"
All eyes turned to this voice to find a bulky wolf demihuman. He ignored all these gazes as he placed his bet and left the area. Ethan smiled lightly.
'Let's see what kind of battle you show me today.'
At this time, Damien and Katherine were already on the field. It was a lush forest this time, as opposed to the flatlands of the semifinals.
The two possessed excited grins on their faces as they watched each other intently. It had been an entire year since they met and both of them were itching to battle ever since that first meeting. It was now that they'd finally get the chance.
And then, the battle began.
Neither of them wasted any time. A sword appeared in Damien's hand while a scythe was in Katherine's. They took distance and began their fight.
However, it looked more like a choreographed dance, a deadly one. Katherine danced gracefully as the environment around her became illusions. Countless wind blades surged forward, attempting to cut Damien into pieces.
Meanwhile, Damien's dance was more efficient and cruel. His figure flickered in and out of reality as every swing of his was accompanied by large gashes in the ground.
This was the result of Damien's hard work on his sword art. He'd finally obtained the ability to fuse and flow between his different sword arts.
Wind blades were met with spatial blades as the area between the two turned into a minefield filled with explosions. Through that field, many small wind bullets whizzed by and rushed towards Damien.
For the sake of the battle, Damien didn't have his vector field around him, but he found that his decision was the wrong one. The second those wind bullets hit his body, Damien felt like he was a mortal getting repeatedly smashed with a hammer.
Knowing Damien's toughness, Katherine didn't hold back on the pain amplification.
Damien grit his teeth and powered through it. He'd already had his arm ripped off, his body structure forcefully changed at the cellular level, and his entire left side burnt to a crisp. If he couldn't handle this much, he should just give up his pursuit of power.
Damien still didn't activate his vector field as he felt that an absolute defense within his power range was a cheat skill, so he endured the multiple doses of pain amplification that continuously berated him. All the while, Damien kept attacking. Shortly after, he added plasma beams that were a combination of his vector control and his lightning to the mix.
After his training with Malcolm, these plasma beams were much more powerful than they were when he first learned how to use them. They ripped through trees like butter and flew straight for Katherine. Sensing danger from those beams, Katherine raised multiple illusory earth walls as she used propulsion to blast herself out of their trajectory. This was a good decision, as the beams pierced through those walls and continued into the expansive forest.
Katherine gritted her teeth. 'My attack power isn't on par with his, I need to find another way to win.' She then thought back to the move she used in the first round to defeat Evan. 'That's it!'
She immediately implemented this strategy. Every wind attack she threw at Damien now contained the properties of sound, affecting his balance and making him nauseous. He still gritted his teeth and endured, but judging by the blood that seeped out of his mouth and ears, it was clear that her strategy was effective.
Although they had been tempered, Damien's internal organs weren't nearly as sturdy as his flesh, his muscles, and his bones. This was the first time someone had used that weakness against him.
The battle continued, with both of them approaching their limits. Kathrine's mana was close to running dry, and her stamina wasn't great either. Meanwhile, Damien still had around a third of his mana, but his consciousness was fading in and out as he struggled to keep himself awake. Just as he had thought before, Katherine was the only one in his generation that could challenge him.
Suddenly, Damien sensed immense danger. Looking over at Katherine through his blurry vision, he saw her taking a deep breath. He knew what this signified, as he had done it countless times before. She was charging up for a breath attack.
Indeed, Katherine had gotten the idea from a fictional monster she had read about called a Banshee. Their screams were said to even cause the souls of their victims to be damaged. She focused on amplifying the sound within her voice, keeping any offensive properties of wind away from her internal body. In front of her mouth, a small tornado began to form.
Then, when she felt it was enough, she let out a high-pitched screech. Accompanying this was a massive horizontal tornado of wind that she strengthened with illusions.
Not wanting to lose out, Damien let out a resounding roar. His dragon's breath was released, directly clashing with Katherine's banshee scream.
A massive explosion ensued. The trees in the surroundings were ripped to shreds by rampaging wind before they were burnt to cinders by wild lightning. The ground couldn't bear the pressure and directly caved in more than 10 meters deep. Both Damien and Katherine were flung away.
Damien was barely conscious, but he held onto his reasoning while he endured the ringing in his ears. His training in the blood world back in the dungeon was the only reason he could do so.
Teleporting over, he saw Katherine sitting on the floor, similarly teetering on the border between passing out and staying awake. He slowly regained his bearings before putting his hand on her shoulder.
"I win." He declared with a weak grin.
Although she wanted to refute, she couldn't. She was truly burnt out at this point. Damien helped her up as both of them used each other for support. Even though he had won, he wasn't any less exhausted than her.
Outside, the crowd was roaring. Nobody could contain their excitement after seeing such a spectacle as those two breath attacks clashing. Within that applause, the announcer's voice rang out for a final time.
"The winner of the 100th-anniversary Nexus Event is….Damien Void!"



Chapter 64 Ceremony 1
The Nexus Event had finally reached its end. Now, the only thing remaining was the award ceremony.
A match was held earlier between Ethan and the dark horse to determine third place, but its outcome didn't need to be mentioned. Ethan's fire was fatal against the dark horse's darkness, not to mention his insane physical strength.
The darkness arrows that had successfully won many rounds were unable to perform well against such a powerful body, and by the time it could attempt to corrode, it was burned away by flames. Like this, Ethan had a relatively easy win for third place.
The Finals had been held around noon, so the ceremony would take place in the nighttime. This was out of consideration for Damien and Katherine, who were in dire need of rest after such an intense fight.
The two of them were teleported back to the main stage where they faced a rambunctious crowd whose cheers could drown out all other sounds in the vicinity. How could the crowd not be excited?
The Nexus Event only occurred every 10 years, and not every generation was guaranteed to produce insane geniuses. However, this generation produced not just one such genius, but four of them. Even the dark horse was included in this list since he lost only to Katherine.
And the fact that Katherine was able to drive Damien, who was largely unimpeded in his path forward, to a point where he was close to fainting with exhaustion, elevated this status even more.
As the two basked in glory, Damien held Katherine's hand before raising their arms in the air, taking a victory pose. The crowd went wild. Under the deafening cheers, the two finally left the stage and headed back to their private room.
They thought of nothing but sleep at the moment, not even realizing that their hands were still interlocked. Reaching the king-sized bed, they simultaneously collapsed and passed out. Damien still needed to heal his shaken internals, while Katherine needed to recover her dwindling mana capacity.
As the two slept peacefully, many conversations were taking place around the arena.
"Haha!" Laughed Ethan, "I knew he hadn't shown me everything he has. Damn, I'll force it out of him next time."
The two elves in front of him nodded. "Indeed, if he had used that last ability during the earlier rounds, nobody would have stood a chance," Ara complained.
"That might be true, but it doesn't change the fact that he held back to match us and have proper battles. He's an admirable guy." Responded Eren.
The two siblings and Ethan were all extremely high-status individuals within their own domains, and with the beast and elven domains bordering each other, it was obvious that they'd have a connection.
Many others within the crowd were thinking along the same lines. However, the fact that Katherine could match Damien even when he released power that could squash the competition was also a major point of discussion.
Eva was also within the arena. Although she didn't say anything, there was a fierce light of determination shining in her eyes.
Back in the penthouse, the various leaders were also conversing.
"That little girl of yours is really impressive. To use sound magic in such a way is very rare, not to mention that it would usually cause heavy injuries to the throat and internal organs." The beast empress pointed out.
 "Indeed," the dwarf king said, "Sound is a property of wind that not many choose to pursue. It's admirable of her to attempt such a thing, and even succeed."
The Adelaire emperor's face remained unchanged, but if one looked closely, there was a concealed light of pride deep within his ruby eyes. However, his focus was on something else right now.
"That boy…"
The beast emperor nodded. "It's as you think. That was dragon's breath. The boy isn't dragonkin from what I sensed, so it doesn't make sense for him to have that."
The beast empress also chimed in. "His beast aura is a mix between many different species, but its main properties are that if a wolf's. It would make more sense for him to obtain some Fenrir bloodline than for him to have dragons breath."
The emperors continued pondering for a while before making a decision.
"Let's wait until the award ceremony ends, then we can simply ask him about it. At the end of the day, he's 2 classes below us. He can't resist our will." Proposed the Stanton Emperor. But this idea was immediately rejected.
"No, That boy is a spatial ability user, it wouldn't be far-fetched if he had multiple ways to escape when he feels threatened." The Lennon Emperor chimed.
The two had always had a rivalry, so the other leaders weren't surprised at their differing opinions. The two argued for many minutes before the Adelaire Emperor raised his hand.
"Enough. We will ask the boy about his power, but we won't push for an answer. Every expert has their fair share of secrets. What's more important is, has anyone been able to find his origins?"
None of the leaders spoke for a while before the beast empress raised her voice. "I've been able to track down the first location he appeared in, but it doesn't solve the mystery of his origins in the slightest."
Seeing her peers looking at her impatiently, she chuckled before continuing. "What's interesting is that I gained this information from a 2nd class grey deer. Their species is known for their high intelligence, thus she was able to converse with me.
"It turned out that a year ago while she was grazing in a field on the outskirts of the Helia Forest, a human male and a large black wolf emerged seemingly from nowhere. They simply appeared in the middle of the forest without prior notice.
"According to her report, the human was covered in dirt and blood and wearing nothing but a torn rag on his legs, while the wolf was similarly dirty. It was only after they bathed in a nearby river that she saw their appearance.
"After this incident, the two exited the forest and took off running. This was the last she saw of them and she had almost forgotten about it entirely. If it was anyone besides me asking, I doubt she'd have remembered this small meeting."
All of the emperors once again fell into thought. While most of them were still confused about what value this information held, there were three among them that formed a faint possibility in their heads.
This was the Adelaire emperor, the beast empress herself, and Malcolm, who was silent for most of the conversation.
'Did he emerge from a dungeon somewhere in the area? If so, could he be…'
It wasn't a rare case for otherworlders to get trapped in the gates that form before dungeons were naturally created, but it was extremely rare for them to survive long enough to reach the surface.
Even if they managed to reach the surface, they'd be in an unknown land and most likely be killed due to their naivety. But Damien seemed to possess knowledge of the world from the beginning, leading to their confusion.
But in Malcolm's head, many pieces of the puzzle seemed to click together. He was the only one among them who'd spent a significant amount of time with Damien, so he naturally knew better.
While Damien had basic knowledge of the world, much of it was outdated, as if he'd learned it all from an old book. He didn't know of the Nexus Event before he entered the academy, he didn't know about the Nox or the war before Malcolm explained it, and he didn't even know about mana circuits as a concept.
'He's from a beginner world?' Malcolm thought. 'But what kind of beginner world can birth such an insane talent?'
Many hours had passed while the leaders were having their discussions, and night had already fallen.
Within the private room, Damien's consciousness stirred as he slowly began to wake up. His eyes still half-closed, Damien attempted to sit up, only to notice a weight on his right arm and side.
Looking to his side, Damien was so shocked he almost instinctively teleported away. 'Why do I always end up in cliche anime scenarios with her??'
This situation was as cliche as it gets. By his side was a slumbering Katherine. Her head was rested on his arm while her arms were wrapped around his waist and her legs around his own.
'What am I? Her personal body pillow?' Damien shook his head, moving to take her off of him, but he ended up stopping halfway.
Damien was still a man. The two pillowy mounds against his chest and the faint valley he could feel on his thigh forced him into a tough position.
Looking at her now, Damien realized that Katherine did indeed have a spectacular body. Her figure was curvaceous, but not to the point that it was unnatural.
Her chest was a solid C cup that he felt would fit perfectly within his hands and as for her butt, Damien only had to take a peek to know it was perfectly shapely. The slight jiggle when he moved also didn't escape his sharp eyes.
Honestly speaking, it was a body figure that was perfectly within his tastes. At this point, he was back to laying down as he subtly admired the sensations he was feeling. Suddenly, a wild thought entered his head.
'If she can enhance pain during battle, couldn't she also enhance pleasure during…'
Without warning, Damein fiercely bit his tongue, drawing blood and snapping out of his thoughts. He couldn't stop himself from sweating a little.
Even previously when they ended up in a much less precarious situation, his bestial instinct attempted to drive him wild, but since there was no physical contact, it was easier to control.
This time, he almost failed to control himself. He knew his thoughts and actions were out of character, but his mind subconsciously ignored that fact.
'This is insane. Lust is an aspect I never needed to focus on controlling until recently. At this point I either need to stay abstinent or relearn how to control this instinct.'
Before Damien could think further, he felt a slight movement on his side.
Katherine's eyes slowly fluttered open. She was feeling great, as she had slept using an extremely comfortable pillow, so she grabbed it tighter, wondering what it was. When her vision became clear, the first thing that greeted her was a pair of swirling amethyst-red eyes staring back at her.
"Had enough?" Damien said with a teasing smile. It was only then that Katherine realized the awkward position the two of them were in.
Scampering out of the large bed like a startled cat, Katherine took a second to collect her thoughts. Then, without another word, she sent a fierce glare at Damien before fleeing the room with a face redder than any tomato that ever existed.
Damien's smile turned wry. 'Doesn't she know that looking at me like that only makes her more attractive?'
Shaking his head, Damien also stepped out of the bed. As he exited the room, his thoughts shifted once again.
'It's finally time to get my Elixir.'



Chapter 65 Ceremony 2
When Damien re-entered the arena, the scenery was completely different. While the colosseum-style stands were still packed with hundreds of thousands of people, the actual floor was changed.
Previously, it was a large space with only the single massive lifted platform in the middle that equated the stage. Now, it was filled with decoration.
The stage itself now held 47 small elevated platforms dispersed around its perimeter, while the middle of the stage had 3 special platforms of different heights, though they were all larger than the other 47. The smallest of the three was bronze in color, the middle was silver, and the highest one was a pristine gold.
These were obviously meant for the top 3. Besides these platforms, 9 regal thrones sat side by side, each of which was decorated differently. As the participants hadn't arrived yet, it was natural that the leaders wouldn't make their appearance either, leaving the thrones empty for now.
The empty land was filled with majestic carpet and decorations that highlighted the stage. The ambiance truly changed when it was time for the ceremony.
Slowly, people started filing into the arena. Many tournament staff also entered, guiding each genius to their respective spot in accordance with their rank. The higher the rank, the closer to the middle of the stage they were situated.
Glancing around, Damien spotted Katherine looking at him in the distance. Just as he was about to wave and head over, he saw her harrumph and turn her head. Damien once again smiled wryly. 'You were the one clinging to me, so why am I the one receiving the harsh treatment?'
 Even while complaining, Damien didn't bother her. He figured she needed space after that awkward encounter and he respected that. Once again scanning the area, he found Ethan. This time, he wasn't rejected as he walked forward.
The two greeted each other with a firm handshake and side hug before engaging in conversation.
"We'll be going to the secret realm after this, right? I honestly can't hold my anticipation." Ethan said with an excited grin.
Thinking about the coming adventure, Damien couldn't suppress his grin either. "I also can't wait. Adventuring the secret realm, adventuring the continent, and then adventuring the myriad worlds, just the thought makes my blood boil with excitement."
Ethan wasn't expecting Damien's ambition to be so grand, but thinking about the scenes Damien described, he had to agree. "Well, when you end up exploring in other worlds, make sure to call me. I can't miss out on such a fun adventure."
Damien replied with a smile. "How could I leave you behind? I need a personal punching bag for whenever I get bored."
"You!" Ethan exclaimed. The two stared at each other as if they were about to fight before they randomly broke into a fit of laughter.
"Sure sure, let's see who becomes who's punching bag at that point. If anything, you'll always be that Katherine girl's punching bag so I'll be able to have fun watching that show."
Damien rolled his eyes. "Yeah? Even if it's like that at least I have her. Where is your girl at? Or can an ugly bastard like you never attract a woman to you?"
The truth is, Ethan was a pretty handsome guy in his own right. It was only when he stood next to Damien that he only looked slightly above average. Even now there were plenty of girls of all races within the crowd who were sending heart eyes and screaming his name.
Ethan scoffed. "Hmph! All the girls love me, it's just that I've already got a fiancée, so I turn them away!"
"Alright, when I meet that fiancée of yours, I'll make sure to tell her about how many women you always have trying to warm your bed. A good brother should always help his friend out." Damien snickered.
The two continued bickering for many minutes like a pair of children before the ceremony started. By this point, the emperors had already arrived and the ceremony had already begun, yet these two paid it no mind as they tried to one-up each other.
It was lucky that they were seated relatively far away, so besides the leaders with their 4th class senses, nobody could hear their bickering. Though, it was pretty obvious if one just looked at them.
The beast empress smiled lightly and the beast emperor had a wild grin, thinking back to when he was the same age. The Adelaire emperor had a thoughtful look on his face as he watched this new side of Damien. It looked like he was performing some sort of evaluation.
The ceremony for the other 48 competitors was simple. Since there was no material reward for them, their name was simply stated along with their allegiance, if they possessed one. It was essentially a reward of exposure.
The ceremony continued for about an hour before it was time for the top 3. It was at this time that Damien and Ethan finally stopped their bickering, though they still glared at each other with battle-hungry grins.
"In 3rd place, Ethan Wolfang from the Wolfang clan in the Beast Domain! He will receive an SS rank artifact!"
Ethan walked up to the 3rd place podium as he stood proudly. As the audience cheered, the tournament staff approached him.
"Would you like a defensive or supportive artifact?"
Ethan didn't even hesitate to choose the supportive one. The tournament staff pulled out a silver plate with a shining golden bracelet on it before presenting it to Ethan. As he accepted it, he grinned. It seemed he was satisfied with his artifact.
"In 2nd place, Katherine Hart from the Hart clan in the Adelaire Empire! She will also receive an artifact as well as a permanent stat boost potion! These potions can only be created by the most experienced and talented alchemists that exist currently!"
Katherine repeated the same procedure as Ethan, standing on the silver platform with pride. When the staff approached her, she chose a defensive artifact.
She was then handed a glimmering platinum-colored chest armor and a bottle of liquid. Smiling, she glanced at Damien before pretending like she didn't do anything. Finally, it was Damien's turn.
"And finally, our winner for the 100th-anniversary Nexus Event, Damien Void! Although he is currently unaffiliated, he is a member of the adventurers guild as well as a resident of the Adelaire Empire! He will receive the previous two rewards as well as Elixir, the miraculous medicine that can heal all ailments and injuries!"
Damien stood on the highest golden platform with pride. He received a supportive artifact that was graciously shaped the same as his cross-shaped earring and the same potion as Katherine. Along with these two came a glowing reddish-gold potion in a pristine glass container.
This was the elixir that he had been chasing so desperately. He finally obtained the method to cure his mother. He immediately put his rewards away in his subspace to check later.
After a few closing words from the various leaders, the ceremony finally ended, finally closing the Nexus Event.
Night quickly fell and various parties were taking place in the vicinity of the massive arena. Crowds of people danced and celebrated without boundaries or misgivings as they threw their cares away.
Damien watched all this happen from atop the arena roof. It wasn't normally accessible, but he had no problems teleporting here. As he watched the masses below enjoy their time without responsibilities, he slowly laid down and gazed upon the stars.
'Responsibilities, huh. Although it feels like a massive weight has been lifted from my shoulders after obtaining the Elixir, it doesn't feel like my responsibilities decreased. It's the same feeling I had back before I fell into the dungeon and before I faced that wolf and mutated.'
Damien reached his hand out, attempting to grab the stars. 'Something is happening on earth. This intuition has never failed me, and the secret realm has been screaming opportunity, so this is the only possible scenario. But I don't have the power to rush back. I can only pray that nothing happens to my mother before I can arrive.'
Damien closed his eyes, attempting to clear his mind. It was then that he felt someone arrive next to him.
"Aren't you supposed to be celebrating? You were first place in the Nexus Event, after all, everyone wants to party with you."
Smiling lightly, Damien responded. "And aren't you supposed to be avoiding me? Who knew that our friendly neighborhood battle princess was the shy type."
Katherine blushed and looked away. "About that, I'm sorry I clung to you like that while I was asleep. It must have been uncomfortable."
"Well, it's true that you were pretty heavy." Damien teased.
"Y-y-you!" Katherine stuttered before pouncing on Damien, repeatedly banging on his chest.
"Okay okay, I was just kidding," Damien relented. "Besides, do you really think I was uncomfortable? I don't think I could name a single straight man who would be uncomfortable with a beauty using him as a pillow."
Katherine paused for a second as her face once again became a bright shade of red. Slugging lightly, she slowly laid down. Since she had just pounced on him, she ended up laying on top of him with her head on his chest.
Damien raised his brow. This was definitely crossing a line that they'd both tried especially hard not to cross for the past few months, but he said nothing.
Putting his hands around her waist, he continued staring at the night sky.
A peaceful atmosphere permeated the air as the two stayed still in such a position. Neither spoke and neither could find words to even start a conversation. Both of them were too focused on their current position.
Suddenly, the calm sky was lit up with bright colors. Fireworks shot through the sky like shooting stars as the night was illuminated with various shapes.
Damien watched this scene as he spoke. "You're missing quite the show, you know?"
Katherine lightly nodded but didn't turn her head to watch. Instead, she buried herself deeper into Damien's chest.
Katherine then mumbled something under her breath. No matter how Damien tried to decipher what she said, he couldn't, but he knew.
Above the crowds of people emanating a pure aura of happiness and under the beautiful night sky lit with the color of the stars, Katherine had said something he would always wish he had heard, no matter how far in the future it'd be.



Chapter 66 Secret Realm 1
After that eventful night, an entire month passed without much drama.
The hordes of people who crowded the arena slowly dwindled as everyone went back to their mundane lives.
Only the top 50 remained within the arena, as it was more convenient to have them gathered before the secret realm opening. They would also be given ample information regarding what to expect.
For this purpose, they received small jade slips that were apparently information storage artifacts. Unlike spatial rings, these jade slips couldn't store physical objects, but they could store memories and information that can later be viewed by others.
Before checking his jade slip and gathering information, Damien took a quick look at the items he received as the reward from the tournament. Just like artifacts, potions of high enough rank would also be quantified by the system.
Earring of Concealment
An earring forged by a master craftsman that holds the ability to conceal the user's presence completely. No footstep will make a sound and the user will not be noticed unless they will it.
Added effect- Increases mana capacity by 250
Damien felt the description was a bit lackluster, but equipped the earring anyway. His previous one was simply for decoration, so it wouldn't hinder him either way. Only when he equipped it did he realize that the description was apt.
 His steps were lighter than any feather and he felt that his whole presence had been erased. He quickly walked up behind Ethan and grabbed his shoulder, terrifying him in the process. It seemed that unless he was standing directly in front of someone, they wouldn't be able to sense his presence at all.
Permanent Stat Boost Potion
A potion created by a master alchemist. It has the ability to permanently raise a single physical stat by 25 points. Due to the effects of the potion, it may only be used once every 5 years. If taken before this cooldown, the potion will have no effect.
Damien thought for a second. His physical stats were already high enough, but it wouldn't hurt to have more. The only problem was that the potion would only raise a single stat. He decided to save it for later once he had time to properly think it over.
Finally, he checked the Elixir. Unlike the other two item names that carried the same light blue color as the rest of the holographic system window, the Elixir was titled in shining purple.
Elixir
A miraculous medicine that cannot be forged by anyone alive on the current planet in the present time. It has the effect of healing any ailment, disease, illness, or injury to a large extent. Even if one is on the brink of death, one can be brought to their peak by this potion. On mortals, this potion shows even more exaggerated effects.
Damien smiled. 'I don't know what it means by exaggerated effects, but I'm sure it's a good thing.' He let out a light chuckle as he imagined his mother waking up with super strength.
After he was finished with that, he decided to get informed on the secret realm he would soon be entering.
Damien learned a great deal about the Eternal Secret Realm through the jade slip. Though it was called a secret realm, it truly was its own world. It had various ecosystems and inhabitants that lived their own lives. 50 people was a negligible amount compared to the total population of the secret realm.
Most of this population was made up of beasts, however, unlike on Apeiron, a majority of these beasts would be 3rd class. 2nd class and 4th class beasts were also present in smaller numbers while 1st class beasts weren't even counted. They were insignificant in the scheme of things.
These beasts were scattered throughout this small world and would pose a great deal of danger to the participants, but that was the point. Without danger, there was no pressure to motivate growth.
However, this didn't mean they were being sent to die. The jade slips contained information on the known locations of 4th class beasts to avoid. Although the secret realm wasn't opened every 10 years with the Nexus Event, it was opened every 100 years as its own separate event.
Another fact about the secret realm was that it didn't have the structural integrity to house demigods, making 4th class the peak of strength.
The information they were provided was gathered during the 10 openings since the Great War ended.
Besides beasts, these were also intelligent species. There was a rumor that someone spotted a fairy race and various subspecies of other races such as moon elves. The most dangerous of these indigenous races were the barbarian race.
The barbarian race prioritized strength over everything and held others in contempt due to their use of magic instead of physical might.
Barbarians were especially hostile against outsiders and possessed an uncanny ability to differentiate those who entered the secret realm from its original inhabitants.
Not much else had been documented about their race besides the fact that the participants should be wary of them.
The environments of the small world were also filled with hazards. Massive poisonous swamps that could easily kill 2nd classes, active volcanic regions whose temperatures could melt flesh like nothing, and many more places could be found.
Though it was considered a small world due to its status as a secret realm and lack of access to the outside, its ecosystems were much more varied than the continent.
The secret realm was home to countless treasures that matched or even outclassed the number of dangers.
It was said that many of the peak experts from all races on Apeiron gathered within the secret realm during the end of the Great War to leave legacies for worthy successors of the future. They were aware that their deaths were approaching, perhaps looking to pass the mantle to someone else.
This speculation was created due to the discovery of structures titled 'Legacy Tombs'. These structures took all different shapes and sizes but shared similar qualities. They'd test those that entered them and judge their worthiness. If one could prove themself during this test, they'd reap massive rewards.
Reading about this fact made many puzzle pieces click together for Damien. This whole time, he was wondering why everyone said there were treasures everywhere, and the picture painted in his mind was quite silly.
He imagined that he could randomly start digging and find an S rank artifact in the dirt or something.
Knowing that there was more of a structure to the acquisition of treasure reassured him that his time in the secret realm wouldn't be spent doing stupid things.
However, his dumb thoughts weren't completely wrong. There were indeed some treasures that were randomly strewn about within the realm, as they were remnants of battles that took place there in the past. Only, the number and quality of these were much lower.
After gaining the knowledge he required, Damien continued his days of rest before his entrance to the small world. On one of these days, he was called forth by the emperors who wished to ask him about his breath ability, but he kept his mouth shut.
After all, the only reason he could acquire traits from certain beasts he devoured was due to his Void Physique. He hadn't seen any mention of his physique in the records he had read, but he still thought it best to conceal its existence. The fact that its abilities still weren't completely unlocked told him that it was a power he should save as a trump card.
That meeting wasn't worth mentioning. Since the emperors had already agreed not to pressure or antagonize him, it ended swiftly after his refusal. The only hitch was the constant stare he was getting from the Adelaire Emperor.
It wasn't ferocious or filled with killing intent like the stare he received when the two first met, but it was equally creepy. It felt like the emperor was staring into his soul, attempting to gauge all of his secrets.
The emperors chose to remain in the arena as well since their strength was necessary to open the secret realm. They all had many forces left guarding their empires and communication devices to receive news if something went wrong, so they weren't worried about their prolonged absence.
In other news, Damien and Katherine's relationship had made slight progress after the end of the Nexus Event.
The two still maintained a line that they didn't want to cross yet, but their closeness had been taken to a new level. They were together at almost all times, even training within each other's vicinity.
Not to mention, it wasn't rare to see them cuddling as if they were truly a couple.
Sometimes they'd end up falling asleep on the same bed as they did after their fight in the finals, with the only difference being a great lack of awkwardness. When they woke up, they'd simply say their good mornings and continue with their days.
The one who had the most headaches with this was Zara, who's as always stuck third-wheeling. Yet, whenever she brought up the topic, both of them would swiftly avoid it.
Zara had been spending time with the beast empress lately, as she had asked Damien for his permission. She also felt a connection to the empress that she wanted to figure out.
As everyone continued their peaceful daily lives, the month ended, and the time to open the secret realm dawned on them.
It was the first day of the next month and all 50 competitors who were granted access to the secret realm gathered. In front of them was a large field that, although empty, radiated an ancient aura.
The 9 leaders were standing in front of them. Without a word, magic power billowed as they channeled mana into the ground.
Voom!
A strange sound echoed through the air as the ground began to warp. Within half an hour, a massive hole had formed in the previously still grassland.
"Alright," said the Adelaire emperor, who had small beads of sweat trickling down his face. The amount of mana required to open the entrance was truly extravagant.
"To enter the secret realm, all you have to do is jump through this hole. The portal will lead you directly there. Keep in mind that you'll be separated when you enter and your locations will be random. Stay safe and stay cautious as you search for opportunities and gain power."
50 small tokens flew into the participants' hands. Then, with the permission of the leaders, they slowly walked forward until they reached the edge of the gaping hole.
"These tokens will directly teleport you out after 6 months. Remember, if you lose the token, you'll be stuck until the next time the secret realm opens, and if you die, the token will teleport your corpse out."
Ignoring the competitors that were now showing slightly nervous expressions, he finished his speech.
"Now go on and explore. May fate bless you all with fortuitous encounters."
Damien smiled. It seemed that most of his speech was directed towards a specific someone, but he wasn't going to comment on it. Turning to that someone, his smile grew wider.
"See you on the other side."
Then, he jumped.



Chapter 67 Secret Realm 2
Following Damien's example, the rest of the geniuses followed suit, jumping into the abyss.
The fall made Damien remember the beginning of his journey in the dungeon, except this time he wasn't in heart-wrenching pain as he fell. Surrounded by the gnawing darkness, Damien ended up reminiscing.
After a short minute, he saw light coming from below him, outlining the exit to the tunnel. Within this light were expertly concealed spatial fluctuations. At the speed he was falling, it didn't take long for him to reach.
Falling out of the tunnel, Damien was greeted with bright blue skies everywhere he looked. The wind caused his clothes to flap wildly as he continued his descent. Looking down, he could only see a layer of clouds.
At this point, Damien had already learned how to fly through the use of his vector control, but he decided to fall through the cloud layer before making any decisions. He didn't know how high he was or where he was, so he wanted a better overview.
And when he finally broke through the cloud layer, the scenes presented to him truly left him in awe.
Below him was a vast mountain range bigger than any he had seen before, stretching to the ends of his vision with some mountains that even touched the clouds. This was an impressive feat since the ground was so far away that Damien couldn't even see it from his current elevation. Instead, what he saw was a second cloud layer that was present around halfway up the tallest mountain he saw.
Besides the mountains, multiple floating rocks took the shape of an asteroid belt, with some rocks large enough to build cities on them. It reminded him of that one scene from a certain movie about tall blue people. If he had to imagine the immortal mountains he saw mentioned in cultivation novels on earth, this would probably be the scenery in his head.
As he continued to freefall, Damien released his awareness and mana sense to get a feel for the dangers on the mountains he was close to. This gave him another dose of shock. He could only cover a minuscule portion of the mountain closest to him, but even in that portion, he saw countless 3rd class beasts roaming freely.
'It would be best if I continue descending. I can return to this area once I've raised my strength.'
Making this decision, he accelerated his descent and quickly broke through the second cloud layer. Another majestic sight greeted his eyes.
Vast plains filled with roaming beasts with various shapes, looking prehistoric, and large bodies of water strewn around the area. If he had to name the environment, he'd call it a marshland, but it was too pristine and beautiful to be named as such.
At this time, he could finally see the bottom of the mountains. With his current direction, he was headed straight into a deep gorge between two mountains, so he decided to stop and figure out his location before continuing.
It was an easy task, he simply used his vector control to manipulate the air molecules to keep him afloat. Any normal person would be crushed by the pressure of such an abrupt stop, but he didn't have that worry. Vector control was truly a very conventional power to have.
Taking out his jade slip, Damien viewed the map that had been recorded within it.
Although it wasn't detailed, as there were many areas of the secret realm that had yet to be explored, it had enough major landmarks to gain a general idea of his location. Damien didn't doubt that these immortal mountains were one of such landmarks. And it truly was easy.
Looking at the mountain next to him, which seemed to be the tallest of them all, Damien pondered. 'This is the Godspark mountain, which means this area is the Heaven-Reaching Mountain Range.'
Though most of the mountain range was unexplored, there were many stories about it. Especially this Godspark Mountain. It was rumored that the peak of this mountain was the resting place of a fallen god.
'A fallen god, huh.' Damien thought as he gazed upon the mountain that faded into the cloud layer.
He felt an indescribable urge to climb to the peak and witness even a trace of a being at such a level, but he suppressed this. There was no way such an impressive peak didn't contain a 4th class beast.
'Maybe once I reach 3rd class…'
Shaking off his thoughts, Damien started descending. He knew there were countless different areas and ecosystems in the secret realm, but it would take many years to explore them all, not to mention just this one expansive mountain range.
With the rumors about Godspark mountain, even if there wasn't a fallen god at its peak, there were sure to be many Legacy Tombs lining its slope.
He was also only 25 levels away from 3rd class. With the number of 2nd and 3rd class beasts on this mountain and in its vicinity, he'd be able to gather the exp he needed relatively quickly.
'I haven't evolved in a while either…' Damien wasn't a masochist in any way shape or form, but he had subconsciously equated intense pain to the feeling of gaining power. The traits he received after all that pain made him crave to feel it once again.
However, he wanted to start small. Instead of landing on the mountain itself, Damien descended into the gorge below it to start his grind.
Just like his dungeon days, he was going to power level in the darkness of the gorge.
Meanwhile, Katherine was going through her own thoughts and decisions. Damien wasn't the only person who was dropped at the Godspark mountain.
When Katherine exited the abyss, she also found herself in the air, but unlike Damien, she stabilized immediately. Her location was just above the first cloud layer.
Once she descended past this layer, she saw the marshlands as well as the valley between the two adjacent mountains. With this, she also pulled out her jade slip to identify her location.
Reaching the ground, Katherine glanced around warily. She had sensed many strong auras in the vicinity and wasn't prone to moving carelessly.
'According to father, the Godspark mountain is one of the best places to gain fortuitous encounters. He also arrived here when he entered the secret realm when he was younger, and he outlined the locations of a few Legacy Tombs in the area for me.'
As the daughter of an emperor, Katherine had some natural advantages when it came to information. Although she wanted to share this information with Damien, her father strictly disallowed it. It was clear that he wanted Katherine to gain the most benefits during this trip.
 Suddenly, Katherine's ruby eyes began to change. They became a bright shade of gold as her pupils became countless glittering sparks, making her eyes look anime-like. 
Within Katherine's vision, many strings of different colors emerged from the air, connecting to unknown places and people. Within these strings was a single one that was dyed with the color red. Tracing the location of this string, Katherine smiled. 'It looks like he's close by.'
However, she didn't immediately run to his location. Although she wanted to explore with him, they needed to gain strength first.
'I'll find him after I reach 3rd class. Let's see how he bullies me then.' She thought with a mischievous grin. Without wasting another second, Katherine dashed into the dense forest that made up this region of the vast mountain in search of prey.
Unlike these two, who shared enough fate to be transported close to each other, the rest of the geniuses were spread out across the vast realm.
If taken sheerly by its size rather than population density or advancements, the Eternal Secret Realm could be considered slightly larger than the Apeiron Continent.
One could genuinely spend the entire 6 months they had within the realm traveling from one end to the other, not even completing this journey before they were teleported out.
In a large region filled with molten lava and erupting volcanos stood a lone wolf demihuman. He was surrounded by a forest of trees filled with crimson leaves that looked as if they were made of flames as he fought a massive lion-like beast with his bare hands.
In another region of eerie forests stood a half-elf. He calmly watched the environment as the darkness around him thickened. The trees, grass, and even the creatures living in this ecosystem were corroded and skeletal, but it didn't seem to bother the half-elf. Rather, he seemed to be most comfortable in such an environment.
It was theorized that the individual who created the secret realm had designed the gate in such a way that it accounted for the fate of those entering it, but this was always written off as heresy. After all, nobody wanted to believe that fate could dictate their actions.
However, fate itself was an esoteric concept that none could fully fathom, leading to many believers in its machinations. Whether it was the work of fate or by sheer luck, these four geniuses had been transported to optimal locations for their training.
It was unknown if this phenomenon was the same for the other 46 geniuses who entered along with them, but it wasn't important.
Although they were all in separate locations, their present goals aligned. With their strength, they could explore many locations in the secret realm uninhibited, but this wasn't enough.
Their aspirations might differ from each other, but each of these true geniuses held grand ambitions. They craved the pressure, they craved the danger, and they craved to be the first to explore some of the many danger zones present in the realm.
For this goal, they spared no effort. Each and every one of them raced towards 3rd class.
At the top of the tallest peak in the entire realm, an aged figure watched all of this occur. Although it was clear that he existed, his figure was ethereal, almost as if he didn't possess a body of his own. Sighing lightly for the umpteenth time, the aged figure thought to himself.
'Let's see if this batch of younglings have what it takes.'



Chapter 68 Secret Realm 3
Although he was surrounded by darkness, Damien's vision wasn't inhibited in the slightest. His eyes truly made things convenient for him. It had already been an entire month since he entered the secret realm but he still hadn't left this area.
Pulling his sword out of the snake-like beast in front of him. Damien looked around. There was no longer a single living being in his vicinity. Most of the beasts within the gorge had been at 2nd class, and the only 3rd class he found was the giant snake he had just slain. The result was obviously a slaughter.
'The beasts within the gorge will no longer contribute to my growth, and I haven't found any with special traits yet either.' Damien thought to himself.
It was at times like these that he realized how special the dungeon he fell into truly was. Every floor boss gave him a new trait, even allowing him to acquire dragon's breath. Meanwhile, in the year he had spent in the outside world, he hadn't found a single beast with a unique trait he could devour.
It wasn't like he didn't find beasts with traits, as most beasts who had advanced their bloodlines enough had traits. He also devoured almost every beast he killed, so that wasn't the issue. Rather it was as if the traits weren't good enough for his body to absorb them.
As he was in his thoughts, he heard footsteps approaching him. Of course, he had brought Zara into the secret realm. If he was going to a place where he'd grow so much in power, it was only natural to bring her as well.
Besides, 6 months was too long for either of them to stay separated without the ability to communicate.
Since the two were relatively powerful, they rarely found the need to fight together anymore, instead opting to separately hunt so they could net gains. Perhaps when they started facing higher level 3rd classes they'd combine their power.
"Alright, since we've cleared this gorge, it's time for us to start making our way up the mountain," Damien said as he jumped onto Zara's back.
She had grown so big over the past year that he wouldn't be able to casually hop onto her back if he didn't have his physical stats. Though she usually made herself smaller, there wasn't a need for that when they were hunting.
Without further ado, the two flew out of the gorge. "Head to a place with more 3rd classes. It's the easiest way for us to level up."
Damien was already at level 81 after slaughtering the beasts in the gorge, but he felt this speed wasn't enough. At this rate, he'd only achieve 3rd class near the end of his time in the secret realm.
And although he didn't know how to exactly quantify Zara's progress, from her words it seemed she was also stuck at a bottleneck.
He was aiming for them to hit 3rd class or at least the peak of 2nd class by the end of the next two months. With this thought in mind, the two of them directly skipped the first cloud layer and started on the middle section of the mountain.
Katherine had also made ample progress in the past month. Unlike Damien, she started directly by climbing the mountain, leading to many more encounters with 3rd class beasts. She had already achieved level 90 at this time.
As she decapitated yet another beast, the red string she had been watching started to move. 'It seems he's started taking things more seriously. Well, you won't beat me to 3rd class anyway.'
Katherine rushed up the mountain, also opting to fly instead of travel on foot as she had been doing up until this point. She was already at the level of the first cloud layer but hadn't crossed it yet. She was competitive to the point where she waited until Damien exited the gorge to move past this layer.
Unlike the surface level, the middle portion of the mountain contained a healthy mix between 2nd and 3rd class beasts. The number of encounters one would have was significantly increased.
Besides the many legacy tombs one would find here, this was another reason why the Godspark mountain was one of the best places in the secret realm to be transported. With the way its population density was split, it was a perfect leveling zone.
Another month swiftly passed by as the three of them continued their climb.
At this time, Damien was in the middle of a fierce fight. In front of him was a massive flying hawk that looked like a Zapdos Pokémon. He already pulled his sword, but he was forced to rely more on ranged attacks. The fight had already been raging for around half an hour, but he wasn't able to take down the beast yet.
The beast had a constantly deployed lightning field around it, and although Damien had a relative immunity to lightning, he still sensed danger.
Slashing the air, Damien created multiple spatial tears and send them towards the beast as if they were flying blades. This was a new interpretation of 'Bladeless' he had created to attack from range. Along with this, he was sending superheated beams of plasma at the hawk.
However, these attacks only landed occasionally. The lightning field tore apart the beams of plasma and ignored the heat while the lightning hawk used its speed to evade the spatial tears. It wasn't all for naught, though.
From the other side, projectiles of ice were constantly shot out, attempting to weaken the hawk.
The ground was also frozen into permafrost as Zara turned the environment in her favor. The field of lightning slowly dwindled as the hawk took more damage. One of its legs had already been severed by a spatial tear while many small cuts existed on its body.
Suddenly, tens of tendrils emerged from the hawk's shadow in an attempt to bind it. In its efforts to combat the tendrils, it was subjected to 5 plasma beams that drilled through its body. As the hawk screeched in pain, the lightning field that protected it vanished.
It was time for a pure offensive.
From its left, Zara pounced, her whole body coated in icy armor. Her claws slashed out, forcing the hawk to dodge before her teeth sunk into its wing, promptly ripping it off. After taking the hawk's ability to fly and disabling its mobility, the rest of the fight was smooth sailing.
Another 5 minutes later, Damien teleported directly in front of the hawk and let out the fatal strike.
'Void Sword Art 3rd Step: Spatial Collapse'
Space bent and twisted, leaving only a mangled corpse in its wake. As the experience piled in, Damien quickly devoured the corpse. Although it didn't help him improve his physical stats, the essence went directly into a specific area in his body, leading him to gain new insights into the element.
Although he still had no idea what this part of his body was, he had discovered it when he was trying to gain an in-depth understanding of his Void Physique. It was both ever-present and ethereal, and all he knew about it was that it was the place his affinities stemmed from.
Looking at his status, Damien had a satisfied grin on his face. In the past month, he and Zara had solely focused on confronting 3rd class beasts, especially those with fiercer auras, leading to their immense improvement.
Zara's ice was now strong enough to cause permafrost, as she did with the ground earlier, and while Damien didn't have any significant improvements, his level had risen to 95. He was aiming to reach 3rd class within 2 months, but it seemed he wouldn't even need that long.
Within another half a month at most, he'd reach that level.
***
On the other side of the mountain, Katherine was having even more significant improvements. In the past month, she had also been confronting only 3rd class beasts, increasing her combat prowess by large margins.
Her pain amplification illusions had once again been improved and her level was already at 99, the peak of 2nd class. She only needed to kill a few more beasts to reach her next class change.
Due to this, she had already started making her way towards Damien. It was imperative that the first thing she does when she achieves 3rd class was to brag about it to his face.
On her way, she spotted many beasts and slew them without much thought until something interesting caught her eye. One of the many strings she saw connecting to unknown places was actually close by, and its color was bright gold.
She knew what this color signified, as it was the color of Damien's string when they first met. It was a string that signified opportunity.
Following the path the string showed her, Katherine ended up in the middle of a large clearing. In front of her, she saw a large dilapidated stone slab with writing on its surface.
"While my death may be certain, my will and tenacity will never fade. To the next generation who is fated to see this message, partake in my trial, test thy will, and receive my legacy."
Although it was her first time seeing one in person, it wasn't hard to guess what this slab was. 'The entrance to a Legacy Tomb.'
She didn't think twice about entering, quickly moving forward, but she was forced to stop. Her eyes were throbbing, alerting her of hidden danger. Without another thought, she backed away.
'Whatever is inside of that tomb isn't something I can handle alone. I'll meet up with Damien and Zara before we try to do it together.'
Katherine didn't know why she was born with these eyes, but they had never led her astray. Whenever she followed the path they showed her, she'd end up immensely benefitting or evading looming danger.
 This was the reason why Katherine had avoided the pursuit of the supremacist faction within the Adelaire empire while she was out adventuring alone, and also the reason why she decided to recruit Damien for the escort mission a year ago even though he was a total stranger.
At that time, her only thought was to reap the benefits her eyes showed her, she'd have never expected that she would develop such intimate feelings for him. Smiling at the thought, Katherine continued moving in Damien's direction.
'If that bastard doesn't man up and say something before we leave this realm, I swear on anything that I'll pounce on him.'



Chapter 69 Legacy Tomb 1
It didn't take long for Katherine to meet up with Damien and Zara. After finding the Legacy Tomb, she stopped hunting beasts altogether and blazed her way directly towards them. The Legacy Tomb's rewards were the most important thing at the moment.
Damien was immensely surprised feeling a human aura enter his detection range, this feeling intensifying when he saw it was Katherine. After all, what were the chances that the two of them would end up teleported close to each other in the vastness of the secret realm?
But he didn't dwell too much on this fact. He was more than happy to travel with her. Zara was the same, abandoning Damien and rushing towards her friend the second she sensed her.
Before he could say anything, Katherine spoke up. "We can talk on the way. I found a Legacy Tomb nearby that I'll need your help clearing."
Damien's eyes brightened at the mention of a legacy tomb before he hopped onto Zara's back and beckoned Katherine to join him. "Alright, Zara can fly fastest out of the three of us, so let's travel this way."
Nodding, Katherine joined him on Zara's back. After giving Zara the directions to the tomb, she started making conversation with Damien.
"So? What level are you at right now? Just so you know I'm already at level 99."
Damien smirked. "Oh, you haven't stepped into 3rd class yet? And here I thought our little princess was faster than that."
Frowning slightly, Katherine softly punched his arm. "Hmph, I bet I'm still doing better than you, though. Stop stalling and tell me already."
Shaking his head lightly, Damien gave her what she wanted. "I'm at level 98 right now while Zara should be only a few beasts away from evolving."
Although she was shocked by his speed, Katherine kept up her slight facade. "Well, I'll still be first to reach 3rd class so it doesn't matter anyway."
She wasn't wrong. While Damien had just become level 98 while she was only two to three kills away from a class change. After bantering for a little while longer, they moved on to the main topic.
 "So, what's this about a Legacy Tomb?" Damien asked.
Katherine nodded as she proceeded to explain her encounter. From the part where she landed on the mountain, to the information she received from her father, and finally, her stumbling upon the stone slab.
At this point, Katherine didn't care to hide her identity. Although she still hadn't told Damien her real name, she figured he had some solid guesses at who she was. Mentioning her father wasn't a problem.
"A stone slab, huh. There was no need to call us for this, right? It'd be better if you raise your strength instead of prioritizing others." Damien chimed.
Katherine couldn't help but smile at his consideration. "Of course I'd do that, stupid. But when I got near the tomb, I felt an immense sense of danger. I felt that it'd be best if we cleared it together."
"So basically you're dragging me down with you," Damien said with fake unhappiness in his tone.
"Yup! If I die, you're coming with me!" Katherine proclaimed shamelessly.
As the two laughed and chatted, they reached the entrance of the Legacy Tomb. Zara landed in front of the slab before letting out a subtle growl.
"Hm? What is it?" Damien asked.
From Zara's thoughts, it seemed that there was a mysterious force that wouldn't allow her to move forward. She tried to push against this force, but her resistance only served to strengthen its rejection.
"It must be a mechanism that was placed to make sure none of the beasts in the mountain got hold of the legacy. Perhaps only humans or other outside races can access the tomb."
Thinking for a bit, Damien spoke once more. "It's fine Zara. While we explore the tomb, you should prioritize yourself."
Zara whimpered in complaint, but after some convincing she relented.
Smiling at her, Damien got an idea. "Zara, I expect you to be 3rd class by the time we come out. Don't you remember that once you achieve that level we'll finally be able to talk for real instead of transmitting thoughts?"
Zara's eyes brightened. Indeed, no matter how coherent her thoughts were, the only person she could speak with was Damien. She had a good friend in front of her that she wished to talk to and also the beast empress that she had questions for.
With her new goal in mind, Zara no longer complained, instead pushing Damien to leave so she could start training.
"Alright alright, I'll see you when it's all over." Damien looked over at Katherine as they nodded to each other. Then, they carefully walked forward and placed one hand each on the stone slab, while their other hands were interlocked.
They didn't know if the tomb would separate them, so they wanted to take some small precautions. And only a second later, the two of them suddenly disappeared from the spot.
Zara deeply stared at the area they were standing with a worried look in her eyes, but in the end, she chose to leave. She couldn't disappoint the expectations Damien had for her.
***
When Damien opened his eyes, he was in a large cavern reminiscent of the dungeon, except this one wasn't straightforward. Instead, it was walled off and he could sense many twists and turns almost like a labyrinth.
Luckily, he was still with Katherine, so he didn't need to worry about that.
"Let's move forward carefully. We don't know what could be waiting for us here." Damien stated.
Katherine nodded. "My father told me that some of the higher level tombs are guarded by 4th class beasts. The only problem is that there's no way to tell the level of a tomb before you enter one."
The two walked vigilantly through the winding road provided to them before they reached their first split. When Katherine looked forward, there were 5 paths in front of her, but something felt off.
"Which way should we go?"
Damien glanced at her, confused. "What do you mean which way? There's only a single path here."
"Eh? But there's clearly 5-" it was then that Katherine realized the source of her off-putting feeling. "These are illusions."
Damien was surprised by her words but realized it made sense. He had never been able to see natural illusions or illusions created by arrays, rather he only saw the array itself. The only illusion he could see, even if it was just as a blurry silhouette, was Katherine's disguise.
'So when an illusion is being directly cast by someone, I can still see its shadow, but anything else simply doesn't register in my vision' Damien still didn't know exactly how his eyes worked, as he never sought to explore them. But he was slowly unraveling the various functions they contained.
"If it's illusions then let me guide the way. I know you'll be able to see through them if you utilize your affinity, but it's best to save mana right now." He said as he held out his hand.
Katherine nodded before grabbing his outstretched hand, leaving things to him. As they made their way through the twisting pathways of the labyrinth, Katherine was having mixed feelings.
On one hand, she thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of being protected and watching Damien's tall back as he fearlessly led her through the labyrinth, but on the other hand, she hated the feeling of leeching off of him and not contributing to their success.
She was the one who dragged him here, so she didn't want to hold him back.
As if sensing her complicated emotions, Damien spoke. "Don't think too much. I have things I'm good at while you have your own. Remember how great of a team we were during the monolith capture event?"
Katherine nodded. 'In the first place, I was never one to doubt my intentions. I knew these things already, so why was I stressing?'
She didn't get the time to think too much about it before they entered a large cave. Without a word, the two of them jumped in separate directions before taking out their weapons.
A massive flaming pillar emerged in the spot they were just standing, and out of it came a massive creature. Calling it a beast didn't seem to be the right word. It was humanoid in its form, but its body was made purely of molten lava and rocks. It seemed to be some sort of golem.
The golem's attack patterns were strangely similar to the first 3rd class the two had ever faced together, the man named Adrian. Due to their experience fighting someone who wielded lava, they didn't have a hard time defeating it. Besides, they were much stronger than they were back then.
Wind would only boost the fire, so Katherine didn't use it much, instead opting to confuse the golem with her illusions. Its intelligence wasn't high at all, making this a simple task. She masked their locations while making the golem believe it was in a winning position.
Meanwhile, Damien took care of the offense. He shot beans of plasma that worked surprisingly well against a golem made of lava while utilizing his sword art to deal heavy damage.
Tens of spatial blades shot out without pause, slowly severing each of the golems limbs before he landed a fatal strike, decapitating it.
The fight with the golem truly wasn't worth mentioning, ending in less than half an hour before the two gathered once more and continued past the cave they were currently in.
The next area was a large empty space. Unlike the previous scenery which was mostly natural, this room showed clear signs of human interference. It resembled a throne hall, but much smaller than it should be as if the owner of this hall couldn't fathom truly titling himself an emperor.
As the two walked forward, a strange force brushed past their bodies, making them vigilant. A sudden irresistible sensation overcame them, causing them to feel unnaturally drowsy.
The two of them quickly approached each other, thinking that they were going to be teleported somewhere, but they didn't have enough time. By the time their hands had clasped together, everything had already faded to blackness.



Chapter 70 Legacy Tomb 2
"Damien? Damien wake up!"
Within a small bedroom filled with various posters from his favorite anime and manga, a frail teenage boy opened his eyes.
 'Huh? Where am I?' His thoughts were jumbled as he struggled to get his memories in order. 
Suddenly, the door to his room burst open. In walked a beautiful middle-aged woman with deep amethyst eyes. "Damien Void! If you don't wake up and start getting ready in the next 5 minutes, just see how I deal with you!".
"Y-yes, mom!" The boy hurriedly replied as he jumped out of bed, only to realize he was only in his underwear at the moment. Blushing slightly, he covered his body.
Seeing his actions, his mother let out a small giggle. "Little boy, if you keep acting so girlish, I'll have to make sure you truly are my son instead of my daughter."
"M-mom!" He complained. "Oh right! School!" In his embarrassment, he had completely forgotten why he got out of bed in the first place. Today was Monday, August 27th, the first day of school.
'W-what should I wear?' He thought as he rummaged through his closet. It took him a whole 10 minutes to decide, but even then he still went with a normal short sleeve black t-shirt and sweatpants.
Grabbing his backpack, which had already been packed a few days ago, he rushed down the stairs.
"Woah, buddy!" A familiar man said as he raised his head from the TV in the living room. "Be careful not to slip when you're running so fast!"
Damien smiled as he ran over to the man. "Dad!" Tears started flowing from his eyes.
Surprised by the sudden outburst, Damien's father hugged him back. "Alright alright, you're already in your first year of high school, you can't be crying like a little kid anymore."
"Mm." Damien let out a light sound of acknowledgment as he continued to cry into his dad's chest. He didn't know why his emotions were flaring up like this, but he remembered tidbits of the dream he had last night.
He was trapped in darkness, endlessly killing without a second of rest. No matter how much he called for help, none came. He didn't want to even think about those terrifying scenes again.
Time passed slowly as his emotions calmed. At some point, even his mother had joined the group hug. Once again blushing, Damien backed away. "I'm sorry."
His parents smiled and his father spoke as he lightly patted Damien's head. "What is there to be sorry about? You know that we're here for you if you need anything. We're your parents, not some random strangers on the street."
Damien smiled as tears welled up in his eyes again, but not wanting to further make a fool out of himself, he held them back. The family made their way over to the dining table as they had a small breakfast.
Throughout this time, Damien smiled as he felt nostalgic. 'Nostalgia? But I see them every day.' However, he didn't ponder on it too much.
Damien took out his phone, checking the time. "Ah! I'm going to miss the bus!"
Saying a quick goodbye to his parents, Damien rushed out of the house. Luckily, he was able to reach the bus stop on time and board without problems.
"Yo Damien!"
"How was your summer!"
"You played the new Souls game yet?"
Several greetings flooded him as he took his seat. Smiling lightly, he kindly responded to each and every one. He was really glad that he had these friends of his, as they made his days at school worth it.
The bus drove on its route, picking up many students on its way. The environment soon became rowdy until they reached a certain stop. Everyone quieted down, after all, this was the stop where the school's beauty queen joined them.
Through the open doors of the bus, a cute girl with dark blue hair and eyes walked in. Her gaze panned the whole bus before she found a spot to sit.
Damien was blushing profusely. This girl was Elena, and he had been crushing on her since they were in elementary school, yet she still didn't know about it. Rather, he doubted she even knew he existed.
He just silently watched from his corner. Her smile brightened the environment around her and every move she made would make even the air dance with joy. It was as if she was a fairy descended onto the mortal world.
"Hehe Damien, if you like her so much why don't you just talk to her?" Damien's friend, Bryce said with a mischievous grin.
"Y-you know I can't. She's too good for me." Damien had a slightly depressed look on his face. But he quickly hid it, changing the topic. "Guys, you won't believe what I found in the game yesterday!"
Middle school boys had the attention span of a fish, so they naturally followed his narration of the epic adventure he had in the game, forgetting all about the previous conversation.
As the boys messed around, Elena slightly turned around, glancing at Damien before sighing. 'He's so cute, but he never comes to talk to me. Am I not good enough for him?"
Time passed and the school day continued like every other day. Damien went to his math and science class in the morning, and English and history in the afternoon.
At lunch, he had a special meal prepared for him by his mother. That led to an embarrassing moment when he accidentally showed off the note stating 'I love you! From- Mom' to his whole friend group.
Damien decided to stay after school and partake in some club activities before he went home, but he had forgotten that his parents were both busy today.
'I guess I'll just have to walk' he thought of himself.
He didn't do it often, but he had walked home from school before, so he already knew the way. He put in his headphones and listened to his favorite music as he celebrated a successful first day of school.
Standing at an intersection, Damien waited for the walk light to turn green when he suddenly noticed something. There was a girl walking through the road with headphones in, seemingly unaware of the fact that it wasn't time to walk yet.
A truck came swerving down the road, headed straight for the girl. 'She's going to get hit!'
Damien was always watching anime, so he knew that situations like this were never good. He disregarded everything and ran towards the girl. "Watch out! Hey!" He yelled, but she couldn't hear him.
Without another choice, he ran up to her and tackled her out of the way, narrowly dodging the oncoming truck that zoomed past them. Looking down at the girl, Damien questioned, "Hey, are you okay?"
The girl shifted her head to look at him, seemingly in shock. She had just seen the truck pass by and knew what would have happened if he didn't push her. "Y-yes I'm okay. Thank you so much for saving me."
It was only then that Damien got a good look at her face, and to his surprise, it was Elena, his crush and the school beauty queen.
"A-ah! It's no problem. I couldn't just stand by and watch someone get hurt." Damien replied. The second he saw who he saved he immediately got too shy to speak coherently.
Elena smiled. 'He really is cute, not to mention he's my hero.'
And like that, life continued. After that incident, Elena would approach Damien more often, striking up conversation. This also led to him becoming less shy around her. By the time they finished their first year of high school, the two were best friends.
And life kept going. By the end of the second year of high school, Damien and Elena were already dating. They would watch movies, go to parks, and she had even met his parents once, though that experience was too embarrassing for him to recount.
And when he turned 16, a monumental event occurred. Damien and Elena were in his room as usual, chatting and laughing before she made a move. Without any notice, she kissed him. His face went bright red and he felt like he was dreaming, but he still tried to kiss her back. It was both of their first kisses, so it was pretty awkward.
However, things didn't stop there. They continued kissing as their hands became wilder, and the following day, Damien woke up as a new man. "I really did it, I did it with Elena!" He yelled as he jumped and celebrated in his room.
Who would have thought that he would be so happy with the girl he once could only admire from afar? While he was jumping, a sudden headache hit him. Damien fell to his knees, unable to even scream in pain before he passed out.
Scenes of carnage replayed in his head without pause. Gruesome monsters straight out of manga surrounded him as he killed them one by one. He wielded a sword in his right hand, but his left? His entire left arm had been ripped off at some point. He wanted to wake up. He wanted to go back to the peaceful life he had been living so far.
Many hours passed and Damien's eyelids slowly began fluttering. When he opened them, there was a light that wasn't there previously. Deeply sighing, he stood up. 'It seems I can't continue living this facade anymore. In another few weeks of this, my ego will collapse due to the nature of this trial.'
At the end of the day, this place was an illusion. It couldn't fool Damien's eyes no matter how hard it tried. He had to admit that it took some time for him to realize it, but even after he did, he pretended to be oblivious. He wanted to revel in this peace for as long as he could.
For this purpose, he had shut off his conscious thought and truly lived as the child version of himself. It was only due to the sudden headache and influx of memories that he woke up from his stasis.
Shaking his head, he went downstairs to see his parents one more time. What greeted him was the familiar scenery of his father and mother enjoying themselves together, conversing as one made dinner while the other lazed around on the couch.
Noticing Damien, they both smiled and greeted him. Damien tried to smile back, but it was clear how forced it was. "Is something wrong?" His mother asked with a worried look.
Before Damien could respond, his dad beat him to it. "Ah, I think I know what's going on dear, let me talk to him alone, man to man." Damien's father pulled him to a side room.
Looking at the man in front of him, Damien could only feel a semblance of familiarity, but he was largely unknown. For this reason, Damien didn't know why he felt on the verge of tears just looking at his face.
His father possessed a stern look on his face as he spoke. "Is it time for you to go?"
Damien's eyes widened slightly, but noticing the time, it seemed he would leave for school soon. "Yeah, I can't be late for school."
However, his father didn't let him go. "You know that's not what I meant."
Damien looked into his father's eyes. They were an abyssal black that seemed like they could swallow anything.
Slightly nodding, Damien responded. "Yeah, I can't stay here any longer."
His father sighed lightly. "Although I'm not truly your father, this place simulated me perfectly, so I possess his memories. I don't know where you are or what you're doing right now, but I know that the real me would be dying to see you."
Damien couldn't hold his anger. "If you were dying to see me so much then why did you leave? Do you know what happened to mom when you were gone? How much stress she had to put herself through?"
Damien wanted to vent more, but he couldn't bring himself to do so. He always knew the pain hidden in his father's eyes.
"I know you have questions and I know I wronged you, but it's not my place to tell you the answers. I'm not your true father after all. Find him, and then you can know the truth."



Chapter 71 Legacy Tomb 3
Damien sighed once again. He always figured there was something special about his father. There was no way a man with such a temperament could have been born into a mana-less society like earth. Yet, he had no clue where to get the answers.
'Well, that comes later.'
"I'm glad I got to see this version of the past, but it couldn't be further from the truth. If you want to force me to stay and break my will, it's impossible with just this much." Damien spoke to nobody in particular.
Yet the world still reacted to his words. The comfy house he lived in as a child, the streets outside, and even his father that was smiling at him sadly started to disappear into flecks of light.
"I pray you never falter in your journey." With his last words said, his father entirely disappeared. Damien was now alone in a world of white.
Something akin to a projector screen appeared before him, showing his true past.
It didn't even start during high school, as his middle school life was riddled with bullying and ridicule. His father had already disappeared by this time, and his mother was never home.
His first year of high school was the peak of this cycle of bad luck, though. That bus ride was filled with silence other than the occasional bullying he would face.
Bryce was never his friend, rather he was a kid who did everything in his power to make Damien miserable.
When Elena got on the bus, rather than encouraging him, Bryce had screamed out for everyone to hear that he had a crush on her. That was the incident that killed his thoughts of romance.
His first year of high school was terrible. He never had friends, he flunked many of his classes, and he walked home not because of club activities, but because he could no longer stand the harassment.
When he got home, his mother was never there. She was working 3 to 4 jobs at a time and never had the time for him. It had gotten so bad that he began to cut himself just to feel something other than depression.
It was halfway through this period of depression that he had formally met Elena. It was a rather normal meeting at a bus stop rather than him heroically saving her.
However, that single meeting changed his life. She filled his world with smiles and showed him a different perspective on life. He realized how much effort his mother had put into giving him a healthy life. And he stopped harming himself.
Then, the world awakening came, leaving his mother in a coma before he could ever thank her for all her work. His life changed once again as he had no time to think about anything other than making sure she and himself survived. And finally, a few years later, he fell.
Although Damien's backstory wasn't tragic and filled with death, it was something that could mentally traumatize any child on earth. Damien developed trust issues, he stopped having the ability to share his problems, and he never allowed himself to receive support.
Only after seeing the ideal future presented to him by the trial did he notice how much those years affected him. He still carried those trust issues and the many other scars he received back then.
Though his body wasn't scarred due to his regeneration, he could still feel the cold blade he ran across his skin back then.
The scenes on the projector ended, leaving Damien alone in the empty white room. He closed his eyes as he thought back to what he just experienced.
It took him some time, but he managed to collect his thoughts. 'Looks like my strength isn't the only thing I need to improve.'
He actually appreciated this trial. It had shown him many flaws in himself that he wasn't self-aware enough to notice. It also reminded him of a few memories that had been subconsciously suppressed.
When Damien opened his eyes again, he was back within that miniature throne hall. Next to him was a passed-out Katherine, seemingly going through the same trial.
And indeed, that was exactly what she was going through. Katherine had been seeing scenes of her childhood.
Her father was an emperor, so it was only natural for him to have a harem. He had around 100 wives that he married for various reasons, whether it be love or benefit.
In reality, this harem was toxic, constantly fighting and scheming for his attention, but in the world she was in, they were extremely harmonious.
 Katherine had a sister that she used to love dearly, but as time went on, this sister of hers drifted away. She became fake and took after her mother, plotting against her siblings for the throne. 
Seeing the ugliness that's birthed in people when they're overcome by greed for status was one of the main reasons Katherine left the palace to become an adventurer.
However, none of that existed in this world. Her sister was her best friend, and rather than go alone, she would adventure together with her sister, enjoying the sights of the world as they grew older.
And finally, her mother. Her mother dies mysteriously when Katherine was 12 years old, and nobody was ever able to find out the cause of her death, but Katherine knew. Her mother had been killed by one of the other harem members.
Katherine's mother was widely known to be the emperor's favorite wife. He was also the first woman he ever married and did it purely out of love. This was also one of the main reasons the emperor favored Katherine so much.
In this world, her dead mother was alive and well, able to be a true parent to her daughter.
Even though Katherine possessed an illusion affinity, she didn't have an immunity like Damien. She was truly susceptible to losing her ego within this perfect world.
And not just susceptible, it almost happened. She was drowned in the pleasure of the peaceful life she had where she didn't lose anyone or anything. She went on an adventure and met Damien, becoming partners.
They went on countless quests together and over many years, sprouted a budding romance. They got married in the imperial capital, with her mother standing witness and blessing the marriage.
Katherine had everything she could ask for, but it couldn't stay that way. She had obligations in the real world, she had people she cared about that were waiting for her. Her pupils began throbbing.
Although they weren't the same as Damien's, they had their own uniqueness that helped her break out of the situation. Rather than the calm approach Damien took, Katherine directly broke the illusion with force. She raged at the fact that she was shown something like this, she hated that she almost fell prey to this mundane life.
She imposed her illusions onto the one she was stuck in, using the pressure to make quick advancements and insights, before the illusion cracked like glass.
Just like Damien, she was left in the white room. She was shown her past where her mother died, where her father couldn't provide her with too much lest she be killed off as well, where her sister betrayed her in pursuit of power.
She saw everything once again as tears began flowing from her eyes. She couldn't take it anymore, she needed to see someone she trusted, someone she cared for. She hadn't felt this vulnerable since the day her mom had died.
When the white room faded, the first thing she saw was Damien. Without any words, she leapt into his arms and cried. She cried until she had no more tears left. Truthfully, Damien had also woken up with tears streaking down his face. The only reason he didn't completely break down was that he had done so in front of his parents before he left his dream.
Damien didn't blame Katherine in the slightest for her behavior, patting her back as she calmed herself down.
"Are you okay, Katherine?" He said in a soft voice. He didn't want to startle her after she had just returned to normal.
She raised her head to look at him with hazy eyes. Slowly, the fog of her disguise melted away, revealing her true face to Damien in all its glory. Although he had been looking at this face since the first time they met, there was something different about it when she chose to show him herself.
Her lips parted as she spoke. "No more Katherine Hart. My name is Rose. Rose Adelaire."
Then, she leaned her head forward as her lips connected with his.



Chapter 72 3rd Class 1
Damien's eyes widened in shock as he tried to process what was going on. He knew they'd eventually reach this point but he didn't expect it to happen so soon, not to mention the current circumstances.
While every fiber of his being screamed at him to respond in kind and kiss her back, he couldn't bring himself to do it.
Regardless of her reasoning, with the way things played out, he'd feel like any progression in their relationship that happened now would be taking advantage of her weakness.
Damien grabbed her shoulders and gently pulled her away from his lips, though he still allowed her to lean on his body. The look of betrayal on her face truly made him feel like an asshole, but it had to be done.
"Y-you don't want me?" She asked in a weak voice.
"Kath- no, Rose. Of course I want you but look at yourself right now. Would you ever be the type of person to even ask if I wanted you before doing this kind of thing? Knowing you, you'd pounce first and ask questions later."
Rose blushed at his words but couldn't deny it. After all, that was her plan if he didn't confront her before they left the secret realm. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain in her forehead.
"Ow! What was that for?" She yelled at Damien, who had just flicked her.
"First, return to your normal self. If you can still act so bold at that time, I'll gladly accept it." Damien replied with a smirk.
She knew he was right, and it only made her appreciate him more. Right now, she was still shaken from her experience in the trial. She craved some sort of intimacy and chose the first thing she thought of, which was Damien.
Putting aside the fact that kissing Damien was the most prioritized form of intimacy in her mind, just the fact that she was craving such a thing for support made this a bad start to a proper relationship.
If they started things off like that, it would only lead to a future of toxicity and codependence. This type of relationship would never be healthy, most likely leading to the emotional breakdown of one or both parties.
 Rose slightly nodded but she still refused to get off of him. She cuddled further into his chest and appreciated his warmth. Although Damien wanted to tell her they had more important things to do, he noticed that she had already fallen asleep.
'This silly woman. Does she seriously have so much trust in me?' He couldn't suppress the slight grin that began to form on his face.
If he thought about it, that was technically his first kiss. With his social life on earth, it was obvious he didn't have a girlfriend, and ever since the world awakening, he hadn't had the slightest thought of romance.
However, thinking about his first kiss brought up another memory. Although it wasn't real, his 16-year-old self had still kissed Elena. Thinking about that experience, Damien's expression turned complicated.
It'd be a lie to say that he didn't have any feelings for Elena. He didn't know how it functioned, but the trial had perfectly replicated every person in his life.
Even Elena was a carbon copy of her true self. Even if the memories themselves were fake, the experiences were fresh in his mind.
Besides that, he couldn't confidently say he had no feelings for her true self back on earth. Before they had ever met, he had a crush on her. Although that crush had died, with them being so close for such a long time, it was impossible for him to feel no attraction.
Only, time didn't wait for him to realize his feelings. Time didn't allow him to even consider the possibility of a relationship back then. Thinking about the tsundere-like actions Elena would show sometimes, Damien truly felt the need to curse time itself.
As his thoughts wandered in this direction, he once again looked at the princess that was sleeping on his chest. 'So basically, I have feelings for two women like some sort of creepy playboy.' He sighed at his own thoughts.
He had no idea how he would handle this. Perhaps if he hadn't spent that year within the trial dating Elena, if he didn't pile up experiences of what could have been, he wouldn't be having this problem.
He hadn't even seen her in 3 years, so he thought it'd be impossible for anything to develop.
Unbeknownst to him, a certain someone was watching his every action. Seeing the complicated light in his eyes, Rose thought of an old saying her mother used to tell her.
'Powerful and charismatic people will never end up with only a single partner. If you ever end up falling for one of these types, your best option is to secure the top position in his heart.'
At that time, Rose was more confused about why her mother said people instead of men, but it didn't take a genius to understand the nuance behind her words now that she was grown. The thought of having a reverse harem made her want to laugh, but she held it in so she could keep observing Damien.
She knew she had put Damien in a tough spot with her sudden actions, but she didn't know he had another woman in his heart. Rather, she knew there wasn't another woman who could make him ponder like that until after the trial had ended.
'If he experienced the same thing I did, then maybe it was someone from his past?' If Damien knew how much Rose had deduced based simply off the complicated look in his eyes, he'd probably be terrified.
But Rose wasn't stuck on the 'who' or the 'why' of the situation. She was taking her mother's words to heart. She would sit in the number one spot among any women Damien would gain in the future. Not through scheming and deceit, but love and aid. This was the best way to earn her place with him.
Rose grew up within an imperial harem. She knew how vile things could get if too many women or the wrong type of women were introduced into a family. She wouldn't allow such a situation to happen.
'Let's limit him to 3…no maybe 5…hmph 8 at most. If he wants more than that he'll have to fight me for it.'
Clueless to the fact that his love life was being thoroughly planned out by the woman on his chest, Damien concluded his thoughts. 'When it comes time to have the 'what are we' conversation, I'll just talk to Rose about it directly.'
Proud of his decision, Damien slightly floated inside his mind. 'Hehe, imagine me as an isekai protagonist with a huge harem, that'd be pretty funny.'
Damien didn't even want a harem like that. He'd seen how that worked, and it seemed like too much work and trouble to deal with. If he's having multiple women, he'd make sure to keep the number small. 'Heart of ice, Damien. You must keep your will firm!'
Damien had spent a few hours in his thoughts after he finished up with the harem issue as he figured out his plans for the rest of the time they had within the secret realm. By his estimation, a month should have gone by in real-time while they were in the trial. That meant they only had 3 months left.
'3 months. For the next 3 months, we disregard everything and climb to the peak. If we can't make it by the end, we'll come back to one of the Legacy Tombs we find along the way.'
Damien concluded his thoughts when he felt some movement on his chest.
Rose slowly pretended to wake up before glancing around the room. With all the drama that was going on, she forgot they were in the middle of a trial.
"Relax," Damien said as he noticed her vigilance. "That should have been the last trial. All that's left is for us to reap the rewards."
They stood up and walked towards the small throne at the end of the hall. Damien didn't miss the fact that Rose didn't let go of his hand, but he ignored it.
When the two entered within 10 meters of the throne, a new stone slab entered their vision.
"To thy who hath completed my trial and proven thy worthiness, I bestow my techniques and treasures. Use them wisely and protect the world you were born into, as it shall always be somewhere you can consider home."
Damien realized that it wasn't just the beasts that were meant to be blocked from entering this tomb, rather it was everyone that wasn't born on the Apeiron continent as well. 'If so, why am I able to enter?' Damien couldn't come up with a good answer.
Pushing the question to the back of his mind, Damien went forward and put his hand on the slab like he had done when they first entered the tomb, with Rose joining him soon after.
The floor split into two parts as a massive storage space was revealed. Countless gold coins were strewn about randomly, but these were only the lowest tier of treasures.
Besides them, there was a section of shelves lined with countless numbers of every type of potion Damien could imagine. Recovery potions for stamina and mana, healing potions, various tonics, and even a single bottle of Elixir.
'They must've had a ton of this stuff back in the ancient eras.' Damien mused as he collected everything into his inventory.
Meanwhile, Rose's focus was somewhere else. It was a shelf much smaller than the others, but the contents were insanely valuable to her. This shelf contained tomes of this expert's entire knowledge on illusions and their use.
As the legacy of someone who could even create an illusion as realistic as the one in the final trial, it was sure to be priceless. Rose immediately pocketed the books. She knew Damien wouldn't be needing them anyway since his affinities didn't align.
The final item in the room was an ancient broadsword with golden etchings on its surface. It was still in good condition, but it wasn't a type of weapon that either of them used, so Damien was just planning to pocket it.
But the second he touched it, something within his inventory began vibrating intensely. It was his own sword. When he took it out, as if it had a mind of its own, it shot towards the ancient blade. Without even his invocation, his devour skill activated as the billowing black aura covered the old sword.
Then, instead of retreating to his body like it usually did, it surrounded his sword. It was only then that Damien remembered the name of his sword.
'Devourer.'
The billowing black cloud slowly got absorbed into the sword, which was still shaking as if it would shatter any second. Then, it stopped. There were no loud sounds or cool messages, the process ended silently. When Damien grabbed the sword, though, he could immediately feel the difference.
Devourer
SSS Rank
A sword made by a talented blacksmith to embody the traits of its wielder. It is bestial and ferocious but carries its own brand of elegance. This sword was made for the sole purpose of devouring its enemies. During its creation, it birthed the special effect, Amplification to aid its owner.
Through the devouring of a higher rank artifact, it has awakened its true form. Devoured essence needed for evolution- 39%
"Well, that's new."



Chapter 73 3rd Class 2
Once they had collected their rewards, the two of them immediately left the Legacy Tomb. While it was a safe environment for them to practice, their main goal had now reverted to reaching 3rd class.
 Leaving was just as simple as entering, as the two of them placed their hands on another stone slab that sat on the throne and were teleported out. 
At that point, no words needed to be said. They looked into each other's eyes and grinned before rushing off in different directions to reach their class change.
Rose was the first to reach that level. It didn't even take her much time at all, since after killing the lava golem, she only needed a single kill to get there.
She quickly found a 3rd class beast called an obsidian panther and initiated battle.
Though she hadn't assimilated the knowledge of the expert who left the legacy tomb, her illusions had already made immense improvements through her destruction of the trial illusion.
She led the panther by its nose, creating false earth spikes that stimulated real pain, using illusions to impose fatigue onto the beast and using her wind affinity for attack power. When she finally killed the beast, a holographic window appeared before her.
Your achievements have reached the required threshold to change your class. Choose a new class from the list below.
Choose a class
1. Scythe Spirit
2. Mystic Diviner
3. Sage
4. Spectral Phantasm
Rose thoughtfully gazed at her options, but she wasn't an indecisive person, plus she always had her eyes that told her the right direction to move. Right now, they were pointing towards the 4th option.
You have become a Spectral Phantasm. Your illusions gain further abilities to manipulate the very essence of reality, though truly doing such a thing is currently impossible. Your abilities have become capable of affecting a large scale, creating a pseudo-domain. Your existence becomes more illusive, increasing your concealment abilities. Your legends have been enhanced.
By becoming a 3rd class being, you have obtained the qualifications to choose a subclass.
Choose a subclass
1. Wind Archmage
2. Enchantress
3. Blacksmith
4. Alchemist
5. Beast Tamer
Rose received the influx of information about her main class with a smile. She had heard about the concept of domains, they were something one could only form once they reached the Grandmaster level of control.
Having a pseudo-domain simply from the power of her class meant the class itself held immense potential. Just like Damien, Rose didn't pay much attention to the subclass, choosing the wind archmage class as it would best suit her needs.
Finally, she called out her status.
'Status'
Status
Rose Adelaire
Human
Female - Age 22
Level 100 - Spectral Phantasm, Wind Archmage
Experience value: 0150,000
Title(s): Child of Destiny
Affinities: Illusion, Wind
Physique: NA
Magic Power: 12000
STR: 290
AGI: 320
DEF: 335
INT: 315
DEX: 325
Skills: Wind Magic Level Max, Phantasm Magic Level 1, Mid-Level Regeneration Level 8, Adelaire Scythe Art Level 5, Fate Discernment Level 3, Illusive Throne Level 1
Trait(s): Eyes of Destiny
Rose nodded with a satisfied smile. She was excited to try out her new phantasm magic and the illusive throne skill, but she figured it could wait until she met up with Damien.
Besides these two, there were no changes unless she counted her abnormally high defense stat, but she didn't. This was because she already knew the reason for it.
After the tournament, where she ran into a problem with how weak her physical body was in comparison to her magical ability, she decided to immediately invest her stat potion into defense.
Rose sat down to fully digest her gains before she rendezvoused with Damien. 'I wonder how long it'll take him to catch up.'
Damien didn't take long to meet her expectations. He was still a level behind her, so it took him an extra week to catch up, but he eventually got there. Plus, since Rose wasn't continuously leveling up after her class change, he didn't fall behind.
As Damien pulled his sword out of a third class mountain golem, a familiar system window popped up in front of his eyes.
Your achievements have reached the required threshold to change your class. Choose a new class from the list below.
Choose a class
1. Sword Saint
2. Beast Tamer
3. Sage
4. Celestial
5. Emperor
Damien was surprised by the new list of classes he was given. Although it was clear which one catered to his spatial attribute, it sounded a bit too overpowered.
Besides that, there was also 'emperor' which he didn't know qualified as a class. But thinking about how farmer was also a class option, he stopped thinking about it and picked the obvious choice.
You have become a Celestial. The Records exist for that purpose, to record. At the base of all your achievements is a single wish, to travel the stars and to return to your origin planet. Through your achievements, your legends have resonated with this wish, allowing for it to present itself as a class.
A Celestial has the power to call upon the stars, and gains an intrinsic connection with them. They are not gods by birth nor are they immensely powerful without reason, but their potential is immense. Perhaps at the peak of power, a Celestial may even obtain the ability to forge stars and galaxies with but a thought.
By becoming a 3rd class being, you have obtained the qualifications to choose a subclass.
Choose a subclass
1. Lightning Archmage
2. Priest
3. Blacksmith
4. Alchemist
5. Beast Tamer
Damien once again chose the lightning subclass. He still didn't understand their purpose much, but he assumed it was the reason he was able to progress fast with an element that wasn't his inherent affinity.
Most of his attention was focused on his main class. A familiar rush of information flooded his mind, but Damien didn't care for it. With there being no natural stars within the secret realm besides its moon and sun, he didn't feel the connection the system spoke of.
What he focused on was the first system window that popped up once he had chosen his class. 'My wish resonated with my legends?'
Damien tried to wrap his head around this concept. Up until this point, he had no idea what the system even meant when it said his legends were enhanced, but he may have just gained his first clue.
'My achievements make up my legend…'Ob the topic of his achievements, he thought about what he had done since he surfaced on Apeiron. And after review, he realized that most of the actions he had taken were indeed for the purpose of returning home.
While that was one of his priorities in the dungeon, it wasn't even close to being at the forefront. That was naturally his will to survive.
With 3rd class achieved, all that was left for Damien to do before meeting up with Rose and calling Zara back was to check his status.
'Status'
Status
Damien Void
Half-HumanHalf-Beast
Male - Age 20
Level 100 - Celestial, Lightning Archmage
Experience value: 0150,000
Title(s): •••••••, Bearer of the Void Physique, Evolver
Affinities: Space, Lightning
Physique: Void Physique
Magic Power: 15000
STR: 350
AGI: 340
DEF: 355
INT: 345
DEX: 340
Skills: Warp Level 10, Dimensional Magic Level 1, High-Level Regeneration Level Max, Void Sword Art Level 3, Mana Sense Level Max, Devour Level 5, Vector Control Level 8, Lightning Magic Level Max, Inventory
Trait(s): Shock Absorption, All-Seeing Eyes Level 4, Dragon's Breath, Ananta Matrix
There hadn't been many changes, but the ones that occurred shocked him. First off, his mana capacity had increased by around 10,000 points, which was obscene to him.
Although he had already sensed this type of number on the 3rd class he fought before, it was still shocking for him to see it reflected in his own status.
The next shock was that his spatial control had evolved into dimensional magic. He didn't know the extent to which dimensional magic could work, but its name alone sounded extremely overpowered.
Damien shook his head. 'No, Malcolm told me that 3rd class was the true start to cultivation, so it makes sense for the abilities to become this exaggerated. Besides, leveling this up will probably take way longer than any skill I've had before.'
Thinking along those lines, Damien looked at his devour skill. Although his regeneration hadn't evolved, it was already at max level. Damien assumed that there were some criteria he had yet to meet for skill evolution.
The devour skill, however, was still in its original state, with no skill evolutions, and had been stuck at level 5 since he devoured the wyvern in the dungeon. That was around a year and a half ago.
'It's probably due to its relation with my Void Physique. Knowing how that thing works, it won't be easy to satiate this damn skill.'
Damien concluded his thoughts and decided to sift through the insights he had gained by his rank-up. Sitting in a meditative posture, Damien entered his mind.
This was something he learned how to do subconsciously not long ago, in fact, he only learned it during the last trial of the legacy tomb.
When he did this, Damien immediately felt the influx of knowledge. It wasn't just a connection to the stars he now had, he could also call upon their power.
He didn't know the extent to which this ability worked quite yet, but he could feel the blazing heat of the sun cascade onto him and blend with his magic power.
Opening his hand, he willed a small flame to rise. Although it was only the size of a lighter flame, its heat was immense, causing scorch marks to form on the nearby ground.
However, Damien couldn't keep this up for long. Just the single minute he had kept the flame in his palm had cost him half of his mana. With such an immense mana capacity, it was clear to see how much of a burden using true sunfire would be.
However, this caveat didn't lessen Damien's excitement in the slightest. If he could do this much with a small sun like the one present in the secret realm, what about the true sun? And what about the countless other stars that constantly illuminated the night sky?
'Are planets considered stars too?' Damien couldn't wait to find out. But he didn't let himself get drunk on his current power level. Gazing into the sky, he watched the second cloud layer, trying to pierce through it and witness the scenes taking place on the mountain peak.
'A fallen god. Even if it's a dead god, a god is still something that could kill me without even sparing a single thought. That's a 6th class being. Considering the amount of power Malcolm has, destroying a city would be light work. So what about a god?'
Damien didn't want to wait any longer to find out for himself.
He quickly went to meet up with the two girls so they could unravel the truth behind Godspark mountain and perhaps gain some immense benefits in the process.



Chapter 74 Mountain Peak 1
Damien and Rose were quick to meet, as they both headed to each other the second they finished assimilating their gains. The only one left was Zara.
"You were pretty slow to reach 3rd class, hm?" Rose teased in a condescending tone
She might've tried to sound bold, but she was inwardly shocked. The number of threads connecting to Damien had drastically increased, but none of them were connected to people.
She could only see the location of two threads at the moment, but the most obvious one was connected to the sun itself. 'How can one have a karmic connection to the freaking sun?'
Still, she had no intention to back down.
"I might've been slower but it doesn't mean you can beat me," Damien replied with a smirk. The two kept walking towards each other without pause.
"Hmm, I don't know about that one. How about we test that assumption?" Rose replied, still closing the distance.
 "Yeah, let's test that assumption. Let's see how you run from me this time." Damien said. At this point, they were already directly in front of each other, with only mere inches separating their faces.
Even as they stared into each other's eyes with bubbling fighting intent, the atmosphere retained its pink color. Suddenly, a cheerful voice filled with innocence resounded in the area.
"Damien!"
The two of them snapped their heads in the direction of the sound. Although this new voice should have had them on alert, it didn't do such a thing in the slightest. In fact, Damien was grinning from ear to ear like a fool.
Out of the woods came a large black wolf whose appearance didn't match her voice in the slightest. Until she began to shrink, that is.
Her towering body slowly became only around 34ths the size of Damien's body. Now, with her silky black fur, beautiful angel-like wings, and innocent golden eyes, she truly did look cute.
"You're finally here, Zara. How is it? Are you enjoying the ability to speak?"
Zara rushed forward and pounced on Damien, licking his face like a house pet.
"En! En!" She let out sounds of affirmation as she expressed her joy.
Damien laughed as well, petting her large body as he attempted to calm her down. She only acted like this when she got too excited.
"Sigh, how could Zara forget about me already? I think I'll really cry," said Rose with mock disappointment.
It was only then that Zara remembered they had another companion. "Katherine!"
Just like with Damien, Zara pounced on her, but Rose remained unfazed in her acting. "Sob, you only remembered me after I said something. How could you?"
"No, Katherine! I'm sorry!" Zara begged in an innocent voice.
This surprised Damien. Her voice sounded like that of an 18-year-old girl, but her mannerisms and such were still very innocent.
'Well, it's not like she has any knowledge. But I figured that from staying with me for so long, she'd have learned a thing or two. Maybe it's just a beast thing?' Damien didn't know.
Rose wanted to tease Zara a bit more, but her plans were halted by a sudden flick on the forehead.
"Alright, look how sad you made her. Stop teasing her now."
Rose was a little disappointed but still quit her acting, leaving Zara confused.
Damien sighed. "Zara, who knew you'd be so innocent. Well, just remember not to take anything Rose says too seriously."
Zara tilted her head. Rose? Who was that?
This action made Damien realize that he had never explained Rose's situation to her. Taking a bit of time, the two of them sat Zara down and did some explaining.
To their dismay, this only ended with Zara saying, "Katherine is Rose now!" And dropping the matter altogether.
After conversing for a bit longer, Damien finally got the chance to inspect Zara's gains. Her size which had become even more massive was an obvious indication of her growth, and he wasn't disappointed by what he saw.
The swirling blue and grey mana around her had thickened considerably, indicating both an increase in her power and mana capacity. Not only that, Zara's body seemed to be even tougher than his own currently.
After he congratulated her for this, Damien decided to tell the other two about his plan. He reiterated the story of the fallen god's legacy, and also explained that he felt a sort of calling to the peak of the mountain.
"A calling, huh. To be honest, I've been feeling something similar as well." Rose suddenly said. It was true, even without the indication from her eyes, Rose could feel something at the peak of the mountain beckoning her.
"I don't know what kind of beast we will have to face at the peak, but if it's a 4th class, I don't think we currently stand a chance at defeating it," Damien said. "That being said, it shouldn't be a problem for us to injure it if we work together."
Rose nodded. "If we can hinder its mobility, it should be enough to allow us to enter whatever legacy tomb or structure resides at the peak. That's all we need at the moment."
Now that he had their affirmation, he didn't need to wait any longer.
"Alright, let's go straight past the second cloud layer and test our newfound power a bit before we continue up the mountain. Zara, how about you show me how fast you've gotten?"
Zara nodded excitedly as she once again grew to her original height. "Yeah! I'm super fast now, don't worry!"
Smiling, Damien grabbed Rose's hand and teleported onto Zara's back. "Let's go then."
Zara unfurled her wings and vigorously flapped them. It only took a single flap for them to zoom into the air. Damien even had to use his vector control to maintain his and Rose's place on her back.
"Hahaha!" Damien roared with laughter. Rose was the opposite, clinging to him like he was her last lifeline. The trio rushed up the mountainside and in only a few hours' time, they breached the second cloud layer.
Even after Zara slowed down, Rose continued to cling to Damien. Whether she was doing this out of remnant fear or just using the excuse to hug him was unknown, but Damien didn't mind either way.
He even wanted to see if he could get a reaction out of her, wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her closer. Rose jerked slightly at the sudden action but didn't evade him.
Damien couldn't see her face, so he used his mana sense to cover her. It was then that he noticed she was blushing profusely. 'Definitely worth it.'
He wanted to tease her about it, but figuring that it would result in her pulling away from his embrace, he refrained from doing so.
While this was happening, the trio traveled halfway up the mountain peak. Even if the third layer of the mountain was filled with only 3rd class beasts, there was still a distinction between them.
Everyone in the group could kill early 3rd class beasts alone before they even reached this level, so for them to be challenged, they needed to head to an area with higher level beasts.
Zara landed within the forest that made up the mountain slope and Damien and Rose dismounted. Damien looked at the now visible sky. It was still bright with daylight.
"Okay, let's meet back here when night falls. After that, we'll rest a bit and continue our climb."
The other two nodded and they parted ways.
Damien rushed through the foliage, marveling at the new scenery on this part of the mountain.
Various flowers bloomed and painted the forest in a vast array of colors, the sunlight shone through the foliage of the trees, turning the painting into a mosaic, and many beasts lurked around, giving the painting life. It was truly beautiful.
The trees in this layer were massive, probably to accommodate the huge beasts that resided here. After all, most 3rd class beasts were larger than a normal 2 story building, while Zara was larger than even a 3 or 4 story building.
It'd be quite the comical sight to watch these massive beasts attempt to hide within normally sized trees
He didn't concentrate on this for too long though, as he found his perfect target. It was a large two-headed lion with a mane made of flames.
'Good, let's see how sunfire works against a fire affinity beast.' Beasts had stronger bodies than most humans, so it'd be a good measure of his current prowess.
Damien charged at the lion that had just noticed him, opting for a fully physical brawl before he began experimenting.
Reaching the beast, he let out a straight punch with no added effects. The raw power contained within his muscles burst forth as it met the lion's paw.
Boom!
A small explosion rang out as dirt and grass flew everywhere. The exchange then continued.
The lion was already nearing the limits of 3rd class, so its intelligence was similar to a normal human. Seeing its opponent using solely physical power, its pride wouldn't allow it to fight with its elements.
Fists met claws as the two continued exchanging blows, causing destruction in their wake with every step. The weird thing was, even though the lion's mane was made of fire, it didn't affect the environment in the slightest.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Damien sent an uppercut directly into the lion's right jaw, causing its two heads to part in a "V" shape. He then evaded the lion's swipe before sending a full-powered punch directly into its chest.
The lion flew back, unable to stabilize itself immediately. Although it didn't take much damage, the force of the punch was still present.
Damien decided he'd had enough playing around. He'd already tested his physical might enough.
Using the time the lion took to regain its bearings, Damien concentrated. He felt the ethereal thread that connected him to the sun. It was a thread that couldn't be severed by any means.
Pouring his mana into this connection, Damien willed a flame to form on his palm. And form it did. The only difference was that this flame was the size of a fist.
The lion immediately sensed the difference. Locking its eyes onto the flame on Damien's palm, it felt true fear. If that thing hit him, it was sure death.
The lion immediately let our fierce flames that billowed in every direction, before it turned and ran. But Damien wouldn't allow that to happen. He teleported directly in front of the lion and flicked the flame onto its body.
There was no scream, no explosion, nothing. The second the flame touched the lion's body, it spread like wildfire and incinerated it. Within only a few seconds, all that was left was ash.
Damien looked at the aftermath with his mouth agape. There was only a single word that came out of his mouth.
"Wow."



Chapter 75 Mountain Peak 2
The results were much greater than his expectations, but he decided to think rationally about it. There's no way he was powerful enough to kill late-stage 3rd class beasts with a single hit.
The first explanation was that the lion already had some hidden injuries in its body that Damien had aggravated in their physical fight, the second was that the sunfire used the lion's own flames as a base and devoured its body, and the third explanation was that it was simply due to the amount of magic power he had put into the ability this time.
Each of these made sense in their own ways, so Damien assumed that it was most likely a combination of all three that led to the lion getting instantly incinerated.
'It was supposed to be a simple test of strength, but I ended up using most of my mana in the first fight.'
But Damien didn't really have anything else to test. When it came to his new dimensional magic, it was still spatial magic at its base, so it wouldn't show its prowess until he figured out how to use it properly.
'Ah! I can do that!' Damien immediately sat down and concentrated. He had already checked the area around him and it was devoid of beasts, so he was free to do as he pleased.
Damien was currently focusing on his sword art. It had been a long while since he created a new move for it, and this was largely due to the mana consumption and the fact that he was running out of ideas.
He wanted to make something grander and more wide area, but he didn't know how to beat spatial collapse in this area of focus.
So until he had some sort of spark of insight or idea, he'd try something else. He focused on the concept of space. How did he perceive space? What was it at its base? He didn't know the answer. His knowledge was too minuscule.
But he had a faint feeling of what he thought space was. Space was a concept that was related to the birth of everything, as almost everything exists within space. Without space to contain it, even life itself couldn't thrive.
He thought back to the tip he had received from the system back when he conducted his very first class change. 'In the beginning, there was nihility, then creation and destruction, then space and time.'
Space was something he saw as 'all-encompassing'. Space was like a massive domain. And a main concept within space was distance. Distance was determined by the space between two points.
'So what if I try to ignore the concept of distance? Isn't teleportation technically doing that already?'
He knew it was an oversimplified explanation of how he teleported, as he had already understood the base mechanisms of this ability, but teleportation was, at its base, something that ignored distance within a certain range.
 He thought of how this concept would look in a sword strike. He imagined facing an opponent at range, or an opponent who was fleeing. He simply slashed his sword, and his enemy would fall. 
He could stay in place and pierce forward, and his sword would pierce his opponent's heart even if they were kilometers away.
Damien got excited just thinking about it. But he calmed himself down. 'Isn't that just an extrapolation of bladeless?'
Bladeless was used by merging his sword with the spatial layers and directly attacking the space in which something existed.
A byproduct of this action was the spatial tears created in the wake of his blade and the banishment of anything that existed within that space.
It was the concept that many people used to argue about on earth to outline the negative aspects of teleportation.
"If you teleport into a wall, wouldn't you fuse with the wall on a molecular level?" The molecules wouldn't be able to share the same points in space, causing this phenomenon.
And this was a true downside to teleportation. The reason Damien never encountered this situation was simply that he always pinpointed where he wanted to teleport before he actually took action.
Well, that was before he achieved 3rd class. By this point, his vector control had reached a level where he could easily move molecules in a way where this type of situation was negligible.
Besides, if he truly lost his arm this way, he could just regrow it. That small amount of pain didn't faze him anymore
What he wanted to achieve now was based on the same concept, but it was an entirely different take. Bladeless would destroy the space, resulting in any molecules existing within it being banished into the void.
Meanwhile, this new attack would superimpose his sword into the points in space that his enemies were, causing the original molecules to be destroyed. This new move was much more direct.
'I was too focused on grand scale things that I never thought of this sooner. Once I succeed in creating this move, I'll have to rearrange the order of my sword art.'
This move was fit to be the 2nd step of his sword art, not the 4th. Luckily, the art he used was self-created and wasn't a strict and patterned art. He had always put more focus on fluidity. Because of this, it wouldn't be hard for him to change the order his attacks took.
By the time Damien finished thinking about these various issues and solutions, the sun had already begun setting. Although it sounded easy when describing it, it took many hours to form a concise idea of what his next step would be.
And he still didn't have an idea on how he would carry out this next step. Distance wasn't a concept he'd explored much, as he had mostly wanted pure destruction. This type of thinking was a new direction for him, but it opened up many possibilities.
'Distance, huh. If I start playing around with the concept of distance, can't I…' Damien's eyes shone like stars when he thought of a certain move he wanted to learn before he returned to earth.
'Wouldn't that be the perfect way to say hello to that bastard?' Damien cooked up a grand plan for Jin, unaware that the arrogant young master had been turned into a eunuch by the girl he was recently realizing his feelings for.
Standing up, Damien felt his mana capacity had been replenished enough. He had passively been gathering magic power while he was in his thoughts, so this was to be expected.
Without any further delay, Damien made his way to the rendezvous point to meet with the girls.
When he arrived, he saw the two chatting happily with satisfied smiles on their faces.
"It seems you two also achieved some good things, didn't you," Damien said as he walked up to them.
Rose nodded. "Yeah, the new skill I got is amazing! It'll be a lot of fun showing you what I can do, though you're a blockhead who won't be able to appreciate it like I can."
She was referring to his ability to see through any illusions, but she felt like wording it that way was too much of a compliment. She had to one-up Damien whenever she got the chance.
Damien shook his head lightly. "Alright, you can show me once we find a good opponent to fight. For now, let's reach the peak."
He once again got onto Zara's back with Rose as they flew the rest of the way. Even though they expected to get attacked, the beasts were surprisingly docile. Many of them had heard the sounds of battle, and knowing how quickly those battles ended, they had no interest in throwing their lives away for nothing.
As for the others, they either didn't bother fighting without reason, or they held back their hostility for another unexplained reason.
Either way, the trio had a smooth ride to the peak. They figured that there would be an intense battle waiting for them when they arrived, so they were properly vigilant, but they were bound to be disappointed.
There was nothing on the peak of the mountain. Rather than fight a massive 4th class beast, all they could do was marvel at the natural beauty around them.
Flowed bloomed in a seemingly orderly fashion, with each color being separated into its own area, while a beautiful lake was present in the center.
The lake water was clear as if it had never been touched by human hands, and the entire meadow gave off a calming feeling. It was entrancing, giving the trio the feeling of wanting to lay down and sleep without worry.
But none of them were naive enough to believe that feeling. Damien and Rose directly bit their tongues, forcing themselves to stay awake, while Zara showed open hostility and growled at the empty area.
It was then that the sun finally set and moonlight descended on the world. When the light shone onto the central lake, it glowed mysteriously, shimmering in and out of existence and blinding the trio for a split second.
By the time the glow receded, the lake was no more. In its place was a massive temple that let out an aura more ancient and domineering than anything any of them had ever felt. They were subject to a force that gave them the inherent urge to kneel as if it was the most natural thing to do.
Although they didn't succumb to this urge, they were forced to revolve their magic power to ease the burden that was placed on their shoulders. This was caused simply by the temple's appearance, nothing more.
They all looked at each other for a moment before Damien made a confident declaration.
"Let's enter."



Chapter 76 Temple 1
If the aura the temple exuded to the outside could be considered domineering, the inside was a chaotic mix of bloodthirsty and tranquil. Damien couldn't fathom how a human could ever balance such polar opposite emotions perfectly, let alone a construct like the temple.
 The first thing they saw upon entry was an expansive hall that seemed to continue for eternity. The walls of this hall were decorated with large depictions of a massive battle.
As they walked forward, the depictions became even more gruesome. In the start, there was a world filled with strife. Empires would fight for territory, people would clash at even the slightest grievance, and law and order were only present within the upper class of society.
They saw paintings of this society essentially leading itself on a path to ruin. However, something changed after a while. Deformed creatures darker than a starless sky suddenly appeared within the world. At first, it was only one, but as time went on, they propagated and multiplied.
When the creatures first arrived, the various leaders of the world simply ignored them. They figured it was a new species of beast, and promptly slayed every single one they saw. Noticing that the strength of these creatures was nothing, the leaders of the various races stopped paying attention to them.
Even the members of the beast race shunned them, not claiming them as their own. But with the blatant discrimination and immense hatred that the beast race and humanoid races had against each other, these claims were widely ignored.
Without anyone's notice, these deformed creatures continued spreading, kidnapping women from various races and creating progeny on the planet. They spent years in the dark, slowly waiting for their time to strike. As their progeny grew up, these creatures brainwashed them, making them faithful believers.
And since the progeny had humanoid appearances, they were accepted into society without question. These children spread through the continent, preaching their beliefs and infecting the minds of countless people from all races. These people were further brainwashed and then sent to act against the nations they resided in.
This was how things started.
At this point, the trio had reached the halfway point of the hall. They could see a door in the distance, but they were too focused on the paintings to care. Even Zara, whose innocence was extremely prominent, still had her focus on the scenes depicted in front of her.
The deformed creatures performed sacrifices and rituals, unnaturally granting strength to those that followed them as they corrupted a large part of the population. Even at this point, the higher-ups of the nations didn't take notice.
They simply took the spread as a new faith that had been started. They disdained these people for praying and giving their lives to false gods.
It was at this point that the deformed creatures decided it was time to act. They sent word to their homeland, depicted as a dark star within an infinite cosmos. It took 10 years for others from their race to arrive, and seeing the progress the frontrunners had made, they began to set up circular devices in various areas of the world.
Then, after spending 20 years in hiding, they struck. Those circular devices widened into massive black holes, and out of those holes came swarms of the deformed creatures. It was only now that the leaders of the nations began to fight back.
They were strong, stronger than anything Damien had felt before. The residual aura of these beings was strong enough to leak even when it was just a painting of them.
'How do you even paint such a thing?' Damien only had a passing thought before he refocused on the paintings.
The depiction was brutal. Denizens of the world were slaughtered like pigs, whether they were warriors or innocents didn't matter. The deformed beings moved with the singular goal of wiping out all existence on the planet.
Then, what Damien could only assume to be the 4th and 5th class beings on the planet made their move. He was surprised by the sheer number, as there seemed to be tens of demigods and thousands of 4th classes.
These beings went on a rampage, killing every last one of those deformed creatures they could find. But they were too late in their efforts. They had been too conceited in their positions of power.
Those who had been converted by the deformed beings made their move, crawling the streets of cities with the unnatural power they gained and committing mass slaughter, laughing while doing it. It took years to finally win the battle, but the losses were too heavy to even be considered a win.
Almost half of the world's population had been razed during these short few years.
For the first time since their long rule had begun, these beings realized their idiocy. They got together and proposed a truce, a method to bring their people together, and a method to unite the world.
And their method found success.
The denizens of the world, having experienced a massive calamity, came together in hatred for those deformed creatures. Their features were obvious even on their progeny, and anyone who possessed those features was killed on the streets regardless of their innocence. It took many years for the world to regain a semblance of peace.
But those deformed creatures didn't allow it. They once again came to the world with the same purpose, but this time, they brought stronger forces. On the enemy's side as well, Damien felt the residual auras of what he assumed to be demigods.
Tracing the length of the wall, Damien realized that the depiction was almost over, but he felt there was too much story to tell for it to end so soon. He decided to keep observing before coming to any conclusions.
As he watched, he saw another gruesome battle take place, but this time, the denizens of the world were more prepared. The deformed race wasn't able to propagate as they could previously. However, this was made up for by the fact that their leaders had descended.
Suddenly, the entire depiction became centered on a boy. The boy lost his family in the first calamity the world faced, but he still grew up and learned how to use his powers, he joined the war when those beings returned and he surpassed everyone around him.
As the battles raged on, he grew from a boy into a young man, and from a young man into an old one.
Even at the apex of the war, the denizens of the world were losing. Placed in a compromising position, the leaders of the world decided to own up to their mistakes.
They trapped the leaders of the deformed race with their schemes and directly used their mana to implode. The paintings became entirely white, depicting the massive explosion that took place.
Only that single man was left alive, the one who had grown from a boy during these years of war. In front of him, countless of those deformed creatures stood, even 3 of their demigods remained. Yet, he was on his last leg.
Just like those before him, the man decided to sacrifice himself. But his effort was much greater than theirs. When he imploded, the space around him cracked and shattered, creating a massive black hole, while countless meteors rained down from the sky.
Two more demigods and most of the cannon fodder died in this apocalyptic explosion.
In the last panel of the hall, the man's corpse had a smile on its face, while the final living demigod on the enemy side rushed to escape.
The trio was silent. None of them could bring themselves to speak.
The depiction was horrific calamity on a worldwide scale, but also the tale of various heroes.
It was the tale of growth and development, but also destruction and devastation.
Finally, after what seemed like many hours, the silence was broken, yet not by any of the three currently in the room.
An aged voice echoed through the halls.
"Finally, someone has arrived to whom I can tell my story."



Chapter 77 Temple 2
"Show yourself!"
The trio's vigilance was once again raised, but the olden voice assured them of its intentions.
"Fear not, children. I am but a remnant soul left in this temple, waiting patiently for someone to receive this legacy."
Even with this, the three didn't let down their guard. Still, they gave the voice a chance to continue. The effect the depictions along the walls left on them was big enough for them to do so.
The illusory form of an old man appeared out of thin air, its existence shaky and broken. When Damien looked at this old man's facial features, he immediately turned back to the painting. "You are…!"
The old man smiled. "Yes, that is me at the end of that painting, or at least that was the real me. My name is Kurt Galloway, and I was once a leader of the human race."
Damien was shocked. Kurt Galloway was a name he had nearly forgotten but always stayed within the recesses of his memory. After all, if it wasn't for him, Damien would have long been dead within the dungeon.
Although he couldn't be assured about the truthfulness of the old man's words, Damien did become slightly more respectful.
"Can you tell us why you appeared in front of us, senior?"
Kurt smiled. "It is quite simple really. I just wanted to tell you a bit more about these depictions and give you a small warning about what you will face when you enter through that door. Now tell me, did you notice anything off about the paintings?"
Damien nodded. "I noticed that the creatures in the paintings, which I assume are the Nox, are deformed grotesquely, and that form wouldn't be effective in battle. Not only that, something feels off about these events, as if they were mixed together in a way they weren't meant to be."
Kurt's smile grew. "Indeed, the depiction of the Nox in these paintings is subjective, but it's obvious that the artist was biased when drawing a race that wiped half of the world's population not once, but multiple times.
"As for your second assumption, it also tied back to what I just mentioned. The Nox's invasion on this planet didn't simply start 1000 years ago, rather that was when it was finally ended. The very first invasion of Nox was almost 10,000 years ago."
This piece of information shocked Damien and Rose to their cores. What kind of a timespan was 10,000 years? They couldn't even fathom living for that long.
"I understand your doubt, but that is only a part of the lifespan a demigod is granted. The only ones who survived every era until 1000 years ago were them.
"Those first scenes you see with the chaotic world full of strife was society 10,000 years ago. The following panels until the first war ended took 2000 years to occur. I was born 3,000 years after that, and the war resumed 2,000 years after I was born.
"My parents were of noble lineage, so they easily achieved 4th class. During those 2,000 years, I gained strength normally, but when the Nox descended once more, they took everything I loved from me."
Kurt's face twisted in rage. "My family, my wife, even my infant child wasn't spared. After that, I ceaselessly pursued revenge, slaughtering the Nox until I managed to reach demigod level.
"It all culminated in that final panel you saw. Before the various demigods of the world hatched their schemes and sacrificed themselves, they put their power together to turn a small planet into a secret realm and I used my spatial abilities to transport that realm onto the continent.
The trio was once again shocked. It was no wonder that life thrived in the realm and intelligent species existed, it was once its own true world.
"Since we knew we were going to die, we put our legacies into this world for the later generation. And to not make the general public suspicious, we allowed those 4th classes to do the same.
"And then, it all ended. When I sacrificed myself, I split this part of my soul to reside within the secret realm, only awakening when a new generation enters. Since I had managed to leave the Nox with only a single demigod, they retreated and haven't returned until they regain their forces.
"It was an elaborate plan that made them assume we still had demigods alive within the world. And like that, it's been 1000 years."
Although Kurt had summarized the events that took place, the pain in his voice was all too clear. They could feel his unwillingness, but also the relief he felt when the Nox retreated. However, Kurt wasn't done.
"It was only after my true body had died that I learned of this, but the Nox have been proliferating through the universe for thousands of years. Their purpose is unknown, and all they do when they dock on a new planet is driving its denizens to extinction.
"My only hope for the three of you that have made it to this temple successfully is that you don't allow Apeiron to fall to those creatures. I'm aware that asking you to eliminate the Nox is not a task you can handle, but I hope you can at least do this small amount."
Damien and Rose nodded immediately, and Zara followed after seeing their affirmation. For Damien, he owed his life to Kurt. Protecting a single world wasn't too much to ask, especially since he could escape if he was going to die.
Rose was different. This world was her home, so she felt that it was only natural that she protects it. Everything she cared about was in this world.
But Damien suddenly felt the need to raise a question. "But, why me?"
Kurt looked at him deeply, but he wasn't fazed by the vague question. Even if he was just a fragment of his old self, he still had enough of a connection to the secret realm to understand what Damien was asking.
 "You see, all the legacies my true self left in the world were connected to each other," Kurt said as a ring suddenly appeared floating in mid-air. With the appearance of this ring, Damien felt something in his inventory buzz.
It was a similar-looking obsidian black ring. Damien had taken it from the subspace in the dungeon assuming it was a treasure, but as time passed, he had forgotten its existence.
"Although you are not from this world, you are someone who can be considered my successor. When it comes to spatial affinity, I always had a quirk. It was impossible for me to not pick up those young kids and teach them about the paths to developing this esoteric affinity.
"Besides that, why shouldn't it be you? From the way I see it, you've come from a world close to Apeiron, and unwillingly at that. The Nox is a threat to us all, so it's natural I warn you about it."
Damien understood. In return for all the help he would receive from Kurt, he was to protect this world. It was like an exchange. Although it seemed selfish, Damien didn't mind it. It would be weirder if Kurt was completely magnanimous.
Rose, on the other hand, was baffled. 'Another world? Dungeon? He came unwillingly?' She couldn't make heads or tails out of the situation.
Noticing this, Damien lightly grabbed her hand. "I'll explain everything once this is over."
Rose nodded, as there was nothing else she could do at the moment.
Suddenly, Kurt's form began to waver. "It looks like my time is finally running out. Children, through that door there is a 3rd class member of the Nox.
"I had trapped him when I was still in my prime and forced him into stasis until someone arrived here. Only after you kill him will you be able to reap your rewards. I hope you are able to stay true to your promises."
After giving them a few more tips, Kurt's shadow faded completely, leaving them alone in an empty hall.
Before Damien could collect his thoughts, Rose grabbed his collar. "You have some explaining to do, bastard."
Damien smiled wryly. It seemed Rose was angry he hid his origins from her. Even Zara was curious, as she had met him within the dungeon, not knowing who he was before that.
So, Damien went to a corner of the hall and sat, patting the ground next to him indicating Rose to join him. Except, she didn't. It was Zara that curled up on the spot next to him.
Rose stormed up to him angrily and without another word, sat down directly on his lap. Putting her arms around his neck for balance, she stared into his eyes, her entire aura screaming, "go on, explain!"
Damien's wry smile grew. Without wasting time, he recounted his story. From his childhood when his father disappeared to meeting Elena in high school, to the world awakening when his mother fell ill, and to the point when he was thrown into the dungeon to die.
From there, he sped up the pacing of his story, attempting to gloss over everything that happened in the dungeon. He succeeded for a bit, but when it got to the point where he met Zara, she intervened and told everything as it was.
About running from the wyvern, training in the subspace, Damien's fight against the wyvern where he allowed half his body to be burnt to a crisp without flinching, and more.
Zara seemed to find Damien's pain tolerance cool and heroic, so she talked about it in detail, but this made Rose realize how much Damien had downplayed the events before he met Zara.
Though she wanted to know what he went through, she didn't push him. If his tolerance had reached a point where he could take grievous injuries like they were nothing, she couldn't imagine the pain he endured.
Zara talked about how he was missing an arm and how he later regrew it, how they escaped to the surface, and much more. And then the story reached where they met Rose.
Rose was silent, taking time to collect her thoughts. She was slightly annoyed that he had hidden such important information from her but hearing his story, that feeling vanished.
Meanwhile, Damien was getting increasingly anxious the more time it took for Rose to speak. He didn't know why, but the thought of her abandoning him due to his origins, even if it was irrational, made him extremely uncomfortable.
After many minutes that felt like days to Damien, Rose looked back into his eyes. She could see the hint of anxiety he was trying to hide, and couldn't help but smile.
'Since we first met, I've never seen him anxious, and this is what gets him there?'
Shaking her head slightly, Rose moved forward, once again connecting her lips with his.
The difference this time was that it wasn't a kiss begging for intimacy or codependence, it was meant to assure Damien that her feelings hadn't changed.
Damien could feel those emotions through her kiss. He understood what she wanted to convey. And with that, was there any other course of action? Of course not.
Without even the slightest hint of hesitation, Damien kissed her back.



Chapter 78 Temple 3
The two stayed still for many minutes, reveling in the taste of each other's lips before Rose decided to pull away.
Rose was first to speak. "When are you going back?"
"Not long after we leave the secret realm. It's been my plan since the beginning." Damien replied.
Rose stayed silent, falling into thought. It was only an entire 5 minutes later that she spoke again. "I'm coming with you."
"Eh?" Damien was forced to do a double-take. She was coming with him? Their relationship wasn't that deep yet right?
But Rose didn't allow him to possess too many questions. "That's right. I'm coming with you. I can see that you want to convince me otherwise, but you should know by now that it's impossible."
Damien stared into her eyes for a bit before shaking his head wryly.
"So, when we get outside I have to explain to the emperor that not only have I kissed his daughter twice, but I'm also going to be taking her to a different world? Aren't you just asking for my head?"
Rose shrugged. "I'll tell him with you, so it'll probably be fine. Besides, he knows my love for adventure, so he will most likely be supportive."
"Fine, I'll take you with me. But you have to give me a clear explanation of why you want to come after we leave this place."
Rose nodded. They had already been wasting time with their drama instead of proceeding forward, and they only had around 2 months left in the secret realm. It would be foolish to continue wasting time.
As the two of them stood up, Zara suddenly chimed in, "Damien, why were you guys biting each other?"
"Cough!" Damien almost choked on air when he heard this question.
Zara had no problem randomly talking about "mating" but her innocence always showed when on the topic of human customs like kissing. Even though Damien knew she was the same age as him, he had trouble treating her as anything but a child.
"Ah, don't worry about it. That's just something humans do when they like each other a lot." He responded, attempting to evade the question.
But Zara didn't let him off easily. "So when I lick your face, we are kissing too right?"
At this point, Damien was only seconds away from rolling on the floor in awkwardness. "Ehm, yes you can technically call that kissing, but it's different. Don't worry Zara, you won't have to know any of these things soon."
Zara was still confused why Damien was looking so fidgety when he was talking, but she ignored it. 'Humans are interesting!'
With their small drama over, the trio finally made their way over to the ancient door at the end of the hall. It was obsidian black in color, matching Damien's ring, and contained countless intricate designs on its surface.
Speaking of the ring, Damien had already put it on his right middle finger, next to his spatial ring that was on his index. It was the least he could do to show his respect for Kurt.
Damien stopped in front of the door and turned towards the other two. "I don't know if their strength has been hyped up or anything, but the one on the other side of that door is part of a race that used to easily wipe out humans on this planet."
Rose nodded solemnly as she continued his sentence. "Right, it's better to be over-prepared than underprepared. Don't worry about us and open the door."
Damien nodded as well and followed her wish. All it took was a slight push and the ancient door swung open, revealing the scene inside.
There was a massive cavern-like room filled with artistic sculptures and designs, looking like the main hall of some royal family. The only difference was, the room was mostly empty.
Only two things stood within the room. At the very back center of the hall, stood a massive black obelisk that pierced towards the heavens. Even though it had most likely been over 1000 years since its installment, it was still pristine as the day it was made.
The other thing in the room stood in the very center of it all. It was a large creature, around 10 feet tall, with a humanoid body and massive wings. Its skin was darker than a starless sky, while its wings took the same color, looking slightly similar to Zara's.
Its body was masculine and naked from the torso up, with what looked like torn pants from the waist down. It was packed with muscles more pronounced than even the most athletic men on earth.
And finally, its face. Its face wasn't visible at first, but when the trio properly entered the room, the entire being's figure jerked.
As if waking up from a previously eternal slumber, the being slowly raised its head. Its eyelid fluttered and slowly opened. Lid, not lids. The creature did not seem to possess a nose, instead having a massive cycloptic eye that took up a great portion of its face. The first thing it saw? Small humans that would be a great first meal.
Its massive mouth twisted into a wide grin, which literally spanned from ear to ear, it's teeth sharper than any blade. Even if it was more normal than any of the depictions from the previous hall, its head was alien enough to terrify any normal mortal.
It was already in a standing position when it was put in stasis, so it stretched out its arms as if waking from a long nap. And then, it finally spoke. Its grating voice caused goosebumps to involuntarily form on Damien's arms.
"Good good good! Humans! I don't know who prepared this feast for me, but I shall partake in kind!"
Then, it charged at the trio. Damien went left while Rose went right, with Zara melding into the shadows and disappearing. When the Nox finally attacked, it didn't manage to hit anyone.
It wasn't disappointed, though. It had been many years since it had prey, so it was fine with playing the long game. As its eye scanned the surroundings, its two arms snapped. The joints where its elbows should be had inverted, and its forearms and hands had sharpened. Its arms now looked like two scythes.
The first one it decided to target was Damien since he had already charged an attack. Damien grabbed his sword and got ready to parry the oncoming creature.
Boom!
A loud sound was produced by the clash, but the temple was too sturdy to even rumble on impact.
 Boom! Boom! Boom!
Damien and the Nox kept flashing violently, both aiming for the kill, but Damien quickly found himself encountering a problem. When his blade struck the Nox's scythe-like arms, the impact was hard, as it should normally be.
But whenever Damien changed his target and attempted to inflict true damage to the creature, something mysterious would happen. The area of the Nox's body that he struck would change, becoming ink-like in its texture. The inky substance would then stick to his blade and attempt to swallow it into the Nox's body.
'Their main power must be their bodies. Let's try fighting with elements now.' Damien activated his vector field and immediately used his sword art. His body became illusory as he disappeared and reappeared in countless areas surrounding the Nox, sending massive spatial tears in its direction.
The Nox let out a grating laugh. "Kekekekeke!" And then it made another wild move. Its body was suddenly cut into multiple pieces, the unused parts splashing to the floor like water.
The Nox was now riddled with holes as if it was on the verge of dying, but it was still laughing madly. Every single spatial tear Damien sent in its direction passed through it without doing damage, the areas of impact having been cut from the Nox by its own two hands.
As the danger passed, the inky substance on the floor flowed back into the Nox's body, filling the holes that were previously there.
The Nox watched Damien with anticipation. This scene usually made its prey feel despaired and helpless, but it was bound to be disappointed.
Currently, Damien only had one thought in his head. 'What would happen if I devoured it?'
It was at this time that Rose and Zara made their move. Now that its power had been gaged, the trio decided to use their full prowess to defeat it. Any mistakes would lead to an early death, which none of them wanted.
Appearing at the Nox's back without any warning, Rose grinned and raised her arm.
"Illusory Throne."
The entire room faded to black, with the only things left being Damien, Rose, and the Nox. For the first time, the Nox became wary.
A massive ethereal throne manifested behind Rose, and from it, hundreds if not thousands of blades emerged, flying towards the Nox.
BOOM!
The impact was louder than any of its clashes with Damien.
"KREEEEEE!"
Oddly enough, there were no injuries on its body, but the Nox was forced to screech in pain. It attempted to charge at Rose, only to fall into the floor. It then jumped, attempting to return to its previous elevation, but it ended up moving to the right, into a small box-shaped room.
Time continued to pass and the Nox was getting frustrated. Whenever it moved, it would end up in a different small room, and every direction it took was different than the one it intended. It had completely lost its bearings in the pitch-black world.
The Nox once again was forced into a small room, but this one was different. Biting cold filled the room and tried to infect the Nox. Projectiles of ice randomly shot out, wanting to pierce its body. The Nox once again separated parts of itself, but this was the wrong decision.
The second the inky liquid touched the ground, it was frozen at a molecular level and briskly shattered. It was the first time since the fight started that the Nox had taken damage.
This cycle continued, with Rose leading the Nox randomly and forcing it into a state of confusion and Zara slowly freezing its body, injuring it. Damien could only stand by and watch incredulously as this happened. It was the first time he was useless in a fight. But he knew he had a method to help.
Using space as a medium, Damien forced the molecules in the area around him to vibrate intensely, generating a superheated plasma. Then, he gathered all of this plasma into one place, preparing a final attack.
If freezing it at a molecular level could break the Nox, burning it should have a similar effect.
The Nox was on its last leg, its body had thinned considerably and much of the substance making up its structure had been broken off. Finally, Zara was able to freeze its legs still.
"Now!" Rose shouted.
"You don't have to tell me twice!" Damien responded. Like a certain overpowered guy in a world where people were named after vegetables, Damien stuck his palms forward and unleashed the massive beam of plasma he had been preparing.
VOOM!
Just the beam's movement was enough to cause the air to split. Nothing was allowed to exist within the same space as this plasma. Seeing the beam heading in its direction, the Nox screeched once more, but it was unable to move.
Zara had thoroughly trapped its legs and was freezing them even as the beam approached. Without any suspense, the attack hit its target.
And with only a final harrowing screech, the Nox disintegrated into nothing but particles.



Chapter 79 Exiting 1
The blackness slowly faded as the large room came back into view. Both Zara and Rose were exhausted, but Damien was still doing fine. He hadn't been able to contribute much to this fight.
"So this is the Nox, huh," Damien said with a thoughtful look on his face.
"They're really strong, not to mention their insane regeneration. If Zara wasn't quick to use her ice, that battle would have been much worse," Rose responded while patting Zara.
"Hehe," Zara only giggled at the praise, not minding much about the battle itself.
"Still, we don't know how much uniqueness they have. Whether the weakness we found can be exploited or not remains to be seen."
Rose nodded. "This one didn't seem to use mana externally at all. And the way he maneuvered his body seemed more like a trait than a skill or anything."
Only then did Damien notice. The Nox they had fought did not use skills in the slightest. This was definitely weird. Even if they were a race that only used their physical body, they'd still develop skills.
With the way the Nox acted, it could be assumed that their intelligence wasn't high, similar to magic beasts who grow more intelligent as they gain strength. But if the Nox was purposefully acting that way to mislead them, it painted a whole different picture.
"Let's not make any assumptions after only a single fight. If we aren't cautious against a massive force like this, we'd lose our lives without even understanding how." Damien said before he remembered something.
"Speaking of not understanding, what was that skill you used? That was badass."
Damien usually abhorred calling out attack names, as it sounded cringe to do so, but when Rose did it during the battle, he had to admit that it was cool.
He silently considered whether he should start calling out some of his more concisely named skills when he used them.
Rose beamed at the mention of her abilities before answering, "That's the new skill I got from my class change! What I used was only a small portion of its full power, but it's all I can do right now. Hopefully, I learn to do some even crazier things with time."
Indeed, Rose's use of her Illusory Throne skill was rudimentary. It was a domain, a place where she was essentially a god-like being if she used it right.
Although the effects wouldn't work on those stronger than her, even hundreds of second classes together shouldn't be able to touch her if she was using it.
This was the reason that those who reached Grandmaster level control were valued higher than others. Domains were truly terrifying powers. Yet, the number of people that had reached this level of control, besides the various leaders, could be counted on one hand.
While Zara and Rose rested and regained their mana, Damien decided to explore the room. It was weird how such a large room remained wholly empty besides the obelisk and the Nox.
The walls and floor were constructed using a type of material Damien had never seen before even on Apeiron. It reminded him of marble, yet its integrity was leagues above such a normal mineral. After all, it withstood the aftershocks of the entire battle without even a single scratch.
Finding nothing particularly interesting about the rest of the room, Damien moved to the obelisk. It also looked normal no matter how much Damien observed it, but it gave him a mysterious feeling that he couldn't quite understand.
Circling the obelisk, he found that there was writing on the side, which he proceeded to recite so the girls could hear it.
"For you who had slain an enemy of this world, this obelisk serves as a reward. It isn't something created by us, rather it was something already present at the peak of this mountain before we turned this world into a secret realm.
"We have no idea its purpose, nor are we sure where it came from. All we know is that it can provide immense benefits to those it deems worthy. After all, it was due to this obelisk that I was able to rise to the ranks of demigods with ease.
"I leave your rewards in fate's hands. If you are here, it means that I have approved of you. Thus, I do not doubt that you will succeed in obtaining something great. To receive what the obelisk wishes to give, all you need to do is place your hand on its surface."
Damien looked back at the girls. "Well, since you guys are still recuperating, I'll go first and test if this thing really works."
He stepped forward, only slightly vigilant. After all, what could a stationary object without attack power due to hurt him?
But Damien didn't realize the severity of this obelisk. Lightly touching his hand to its surface, Damien felt an irresistible force entering his body. This force did an entire round through his internal body, his Void Physique not being able to hinder it in the slightest.
Then, it simply vanished. However, it didn't go alone. The second the force left his body, Damien disappeared from the room.
Zara was the first to notice. Her eyes snapped open as she felt her connection with Damien cut off. "Damien!" She yelled, but she didn't get any response.
 Rose wasn't doing any better. She had seen Damien suddenly vanish, but she still didn't know how it happened. With this sudden turn of events, her rational mind had long been pushed away, letting her emotions take control. 
Without even thinking of the consequences, Rose rushed to the obelisk and pushed her hand to its surface, attempting to reach Damien using the same method he did. And she as well felt the mysterious force. Without any suspense, Rose vanished as well.
Zara tried her best to follow them, but it was futile. No matter how much she pressed on the obelisk, scratched at it, or even tried to destroy it altogether, nothing worked.
Zara was thoroughly panicked. Ever since they had met in the dungeon, their mental connection had held firm. The only reason she was fine with separating from him to train was due to this mental connection.
Feeling it cut off made Zara feel alone. She felt like the tragedy she suffered with her parents was happening all over again. She didn't want to lose anyone else, but she lacked the power to help.
In her chaotic emotional state, Zara's bloodline surged. It was as if it was feeding on her pain. Her internal body began to wreck itself, fighting her own bloodline. Zara thrashed around. Not only was she losing Damien, she even randomly ended up in mind-numbing pain.
She couldn't handle the stress anymore, and directly passed out where she stood, her body slumping to the floor.
***
When Damien opened his eyes, he could only see pure blackness. Calling it darkness wasn't enough to justify just how empty the space around him was. Actually, as he tried to use his affinity, he couldn't even feel the existence of "space" around him.
Not only was the concept of space absent, but he also couldn't feel his own body. It was as if his consciousness had been pulled into emptiness.
It might have been seconds or it might have been years, but after a while, Damien realized that even the concept of time was missing. Damien's consciousness wandered without direction, being pulled along by waves of something he didn't understand.
At some point, he even began to doubt his existence.
'Who am I?'
'Where am I?'
It didn't take long for Damien to lose his reasoning. No matter how strong his will was, this type of situation wasn't something he could simply train himself to endure.
But he didn't lose his memories. Instead, he trapped himself within them so he could maintain at least his sense of self.
Time passed like this. Was it only a millisecond or did thousands of years pass? Damien didn't know. As he was carried by the current, something besides emptiness entered his vision.
Damien was enthralled. Any change in his current environment was something he would welcome. He didn't care about danger, or rather the concept of danger wasn't something he understood anymore.
He didn't know what he was doing or how he was doing it, but Damien slowly made his way over to that source of light.
What he saw was something he'd never forget no matter how long he lived.
A massive river. Larger than planets and larger than galaxies, this river spanned for eternity in both directions. If one attempted to find the ends of this river, they'd most likely forfeit their egos in the process. The river was pristine blue, not in the color of water but in the color of stars.
It was entirely made up of light, or was it energy? Damien had no idea. He just stared at this river unblinkingly, entranced by its flow.
'Damien Void. I am Damien Void.'
Something about the river helped him regain his sanity. It calmed his chaotic state and brought him to something similar to enlightenment. As if this was the cue it had been waiting for, the river swirled. Scenes began to play on its ethereal surface.
A man stood in front of an army. Countless hundreds of thousands of existences stood in front of him, attempting to halt his movement. The man stared at them calmly from his spot within the air. He gazed down upon them like they were ants. Lightly raising his hand, the man said a single word.
"Collapse."
All hell broke loose. The majority of the army was wiped out in that single move, with the residual shockwaves decimating the rest.
In the next scene, the man no longer needed to move. Enemies still barred his path, though less in number, their strength was unfathomable. But the man simply looked at them.
"Die."
That was all it took. An entire planet was razed with a single word from his mouth. The man then looked in a certain direction before smiling lightly. The people around the man were confused by his sudden behavior, but they had stood by his side for many years. Damien couldn't see their faces but he could feel their emotions They didn't doubt the man in the slightest.
Although those around the man didn't know what he was looking at, Damien did. After all, the man was staring straight at Damien. He didn't know how he knew this, but he understood that it was true. This was a feeling that stemmed from the core of his being.
The man's mouth moved, and Damien swore he could hear his voice.
"The space-time river, huh. Sure brings back memories."
That was the last thing Damien saw before everything started fading. He knew his time at the river was over, but he desperately wanted to stay.
However; he no longer had control of his movement.
As Damien was forced out of the emptiness, an inconspicuous part of the river detached from the rest, shooting into Damien's consciousness. The amount was smaller than even an atom, so Damien didn't even realize what happened.
Even as he tried his hardest to return to the river, Damien's vision once again faded to black.



Chapter 80 Exiting 2
When Rose opened her eyes, she found herself in a space filled with the color white. Nothing else was present in her surroundings.
 However, she didn't pay any attention to this. She had only one purpose at the moment, which was to find Damien.
"Damien!" She yelled, attempting to get a reaction. But it was all for naught. After all, Damien wasn't even in the same space as her. Left with no other options, Rose attempted to move through the space and search.
It was only then that she realized she had no conscious control over her movements. Her body was stuck in place, seemingly being forced there by some force she couldn't understand.
All of a sudden, the white expanse began to unfurl like a box. First came the space above her, then the three sides. The appearance of the box itself confused Rose since the same seemed that it expanded as far as her eye could see. Yet, only a few kilometers away from her, there were walls.
With the disappearance of these walls, Rose was subject to the scenery outside. The sky was colored in rainbows. She couldn't find any other way to describe it, since most of the colors that constituted the sky couldn't be placed on the existing color spectrum.
The walls of the box slowly deformed and merged with the sky, becoming clouds that floated aimlessly. The scene was enough to entrance her, causing her to forget her original purpose. She was stuck trying to comprehend the scenes around her.
It was then that the floor finally began to move. Subconsciously, Rose attempted to use her mana to fly but found she was unable to do so. The fear of falling into the unknown gnawed at the back of her mind but wasn't able to completely snap her out of her trance.
It did, however, make her look down at the floor that was folding in on itself like a piece of paper being folded over and over. Unlike paper, though, the floor continued to fold infinitely, becoming a speck of dust that floated with the wind and joined the clouds.
For some reason, Rose's entire perception was focused on this speck, rather than paying attention to what was below her.
This entire time, she was unable to formulate a coherent thought.
Her mind was jumbled, but the scenes of the walls becoming clouds, of the infinite expanse becoming a box, of the floor becoming a speck of dust, and of the incomprehensible skies resulted in an influx of insights entering her mind.
In her current state, this only served to further confuse her. Finally, Rose ended up looking below her.
Boom!
It was as if an explosion went off in her mind. The chaotic thoughts cleared themselves as she gazed upon a mystical scene.
There was no ground, as the area below her descended into a harrowing abyss, but she didn't focus on that. Rather, her focus was on the massive golden rivers that danced through the void.
These swirling golden rivers all connected in the middle and formed an expansive sea that flowed to eternity. Waterfalls made of this gold were present everywhere, dying the atmosphere in their color.
Rose's eyes throbbed intensely. She could see a river flowing behind her, connecting to her eyes like a karmic thread, yet it wasn't that. She truly didn't understand what was happening.
Her eyes continued to throb. Gazing into the sea of gold, various scenes flashed before Rose's eyes. A mother birthing a child, only for it to be stillborn, a homeless man begging on the street, being ignored by the many pedestrians that passed, and many more.
Everything seemed random to her. She tried her best to find a connection or even a similarity between the scenes entering her mind, but she couldn't. At least, at first she couldn't.
Slowly but surely, Rose began to piece the images together.
The mother of that child framing an innocent man in a bid to steal his money and resorting to drugs to cope with her emotions, that homeless man betraying and killing a good friend to satisfy his vices and running away from his sins.
Rose began to see scenes of people doing good and bad, committing actions that fell within a grey area, and many more. However, they all sowed karma. Each action of these people resulted in a reaction further in their lives.
She felt that if she wanted to, she could change a single action these people took and cause a butterfly effect that changed the course of their entire lives.
The throbbing in her eyes grew to its peak, forcing her to shut them. The golden glow they shone with infused into their very being, forcing an evolution onto her.
Her ruby eyes began to morph. Although they stayed mostly the same color, her trait imposed onto them, becoming her true eyes. Before, she could switch between the two as she pleased, but it looked like that was no longer an option.
Before she even understood what had just taken place, Rose felt a mysterious force rejecting her from the dimension she was currently in. As she tried to take in every single detail of the realm one last time, Rose's vision faded to black.
***
The final month of the secret realm was almost over, with only a single day left until the participants returned to the continent. Knowing this, everyone was doing their best to maximize their gains.
Within that eerie forest, the dark horse of the tournament was riding a skeletal horse, looking at a new legion of undead he had built with a satisfied smile on his face.
In another region, Ethan stood proudly among a group of 8-foot tall men whose bodies were covered in scars and tattoos. Under his foot was one of their kin, but none of the men seemed to mind. Instead, they roared with laughter and excitement as they celebrated the warrior in front of them.
Meanwhile, on Godspark Mountain, Zara was rampaging through the peak layer. She had woken up half a month after she fell into the coma, but she was still drowning in sorrow.
However, every fiber of her being refused to accept that something bad happened to Damien.
There hadn't been a single time since they met that he met with a problem he didn't solve with confidence. Betting on this assumption, Zara prioritized strength. Her thoughts were still largely innocent, but there was a certain part of her that was forced into reality.
'I will never allow this type of thing to happen again.' This was the thought in her head. When her parents died, she was powerless, and now when something mysterious happened to Damien, she was powerless.
She didn't care how long it took or what means she used to accomplish it, all she desired was strength. And her bloodline reveled in this emotion. It fueled her determination even further and allowed her to return to her most basic bestial instinct. To kill, to eat, and to evolve.
So this was what Zara had been doing. She was gaining strength in the most primitive way possible in hopes that she would never be useless again.
And after an entire month of waiting, Zara's expectations paid off. In the middle of her hunt, she had sensed her mental connection with Damien return as if nothing had happened. Although he seemed to be disoriented, she could tell that he was completely fine.
Disregarding everything else, Zara charged directly up the mountain to reunite with him again.
***
When Damien woke up, he had no idea where he was. His mind was a mess of jumbled memories. Slowly, he regained his bearings, only to distance himself from the monolith as fast as he could.
He couldn't remember much of what happened, but the scenes he did remember terrified him. He recalled floating through emptiness for what felt like years, he remembered the struggle he had retaining his ego, but everything else was a blur.
He had faint memories of the majestic river he saw. After all, how could he forget such a sight? Even with his hazy recollection, he still marveled at the scene.
The final thing he remembered was just a flash, but he couldn't shake the feeling that it was extremely important. It was the figure of a man. Although he couldn't make out the man's features, he heard the words he said. 'Space-time river.'
Next to Damien, Rose was going through a similar situation. She remembered the incomprehensible scenery that surrounded her, and she remembered the seas of gold, but the visions she saw within that sea were hazy and mostly eluded her.
When the two of them noticed each other, they immediately embraced. Rose clung to Damien as if he would die tomorrow, while Damien wasn't doing any better. Their experiences differed dramatically but were equally impactful to them. They sought comfort in each other's arms.
At this time, a huge black shadow arrived above them and tackled them to the ground. Zara almost strangled Damien with how tight she pinned him down while she continuously licked his face. If one looked closely, one could see the tears that stained her fur.
The three of them stayed within the temple for the next few days, enjoying the fact that they were reunited. After all the twists and turns they'd encountered since arriving, they were in dire need of rest.
In this time, neither Damien nor Rose had checked their statuses to review any changes from their experiences, as they had made a prior agreement.
What happened to them may have been confusing and slightly traumatic, but they both received an immense influx of insights and comprehension when they returned to the temple. They knew there'd be immense benefits waiting for them to explore.
And since they decided to rest, checking their status would only be detrimental. Seeing the changes or revisions there would fuel their desire to train.
And like that, the final days within the secret realm passed swiftly. The trio stood before the ancient temple that had provided them more benefits than anything else with complicated emotions.
It was a mixture of gratitude and grudge, but in the end, they still bowed to show respect.
The tokens they were given before their entrance began vibrating as the light of spatial fluctuations covered them, leading them back to the continent from which they came.



Chapter 81 Exiting 3
Voom!
When Damien felt his feet once again touch the flat ground, he wasn't excited nor was he wary. He was simply overwhelmed by the sensory input he was receiving.
Through every pore in his skin, every nerve in his body, and even the veins of his mana circuit, Damien felt an influx of energy that he couldn't place his finger on.
His entire body was shining with blinding blue light as he was involuntarily lifted off the ground. And slowly, he felt what was truly happening.
Starlight.
This was the change he had missed within the secret realm due to its lack of stars. He only felt the burn of the sun and the freezing of the moon, but even those were faint since the celestial bodies weren't complete.
Now that he was back in the real world, he felt a connection with every single star and celestial body in his general vicinity. He now understood why the class was called celestial instead of Star Master or something.
Even the planet he was currently in wasn't spared from this connection.
As Damien was basking in the overflow of sensations he felt, a connection even stronger than the rest started forming. The tidal wave of energy this connection was attempting to give him almost pushed away that of all the other stars combined.
After all, it was the celestial body he had the strongest ties to. It was Earth. After 3 and a half years away from home, he'd finally received an unshakeable understanding of its position.
Although on the cosmic scale, earth could be considered close to Apeiron, it wasn't anywhere near that in reality. Damien realized how little mana he had when compared to the distance, berating himself for even entertaining the thought of teleporting home.
But now, that wasn't a foolish thought anymore. Damien felt that if he used his connection to earth, the mana cost to return there would be severely cut. Without any further thought, Damien took out his Stat Boost Potion and consumed it.
He moved its essence towards his intelligence stat. The intelligence stat wasn't simply there to increase reaction time and control over the body, nor was it simply a measure of increased computing power.
While these were auxiliary functions of the stat, it also affected how much mana one could hold in their body.
Damien was slightly different since he had many other facets that increase his mana capacity, but this was still applicable to him. Even if the boost from the potion was small, it was still something useful for him.
The starlight surrounding Damien slowly faded, making him conscious of his surroundings. Only then did he notice the countless stares headed in his direction.
Rose and Zara were both next to him with their eyes wide and mouths slightly agape, but they had traveled with him long enough to know he was fine. He had told them about the contents of his class change when he became a celestial.
The other reactions were much more exaggerated. There were 38 people around them, with 9 seemingly either being stuck in the secret realm or dying. Most of them had either terror or a downcast look on their faces. After all, they were extremely arrogant about their gains before they returned to the real world, but the first thing they saw was others around them with the aura of a 3rd class. And it wasn't just Damien. Rose next to him had this aura and two others did as well. Naturally, it was Ethan and the dark horse.
Ignoring everyone else, these two headed in Damien's direction. "Hahaha, it seems like you're still slightly ahead of me, friend," Ethan said as he initiated a strong bear hug with Damien.
Damien wasn't really a shy person, especially with friends, so he returned in kind. Except, he put a little extra strength into his hold. Feeling this, Ethan did the same, and before they could get into a full-on competition, Rose slapped Damien on his back.
"Wow, you two are so close! Ever considered getting even closer?"
Looking at each other, Damien and Ethan shuddered. They knew what she meant, but they wished they didn't. Quickly pushing each other away, they ended their greeting with a handshake.
The dark horse also greeted them, and it was only now that they learned his name. He was Matthew Eriel. However, due to his cold and distant demeanor, they weren't able to find out where he came from. The reason they associated was simply due to them all being similar levels of talent and rivals.
They then started sharing the stories of what they found in the secret realm. Damien and Rose went first, speaking about Godspark mountain and the Legacy Tombs they found. They did, however, choose to leave out some details, especially of the ancient temple, which they described as a second legacy tomb.
Ethan's eyes sparkled. "You guys made it almost all the way up Godspark Mountain? Nice!"
Then he began recounting his own experience. Ethan remained in the lava-filled environment for a good 3 months before he decided to leave. During that time, he simply trained and mastered his fire control. He hadn't put much focus on it before, but after fighting Damien, he changed his approach.
After that, he decided to leave, but this was where his story got interesting. On his way, he was confronted by a group of massive men, who he later learned to be the barbarian race they were told to avoid.
Being a muscle head, though, Ethan didn't care about this and simply saw them as opponents to face. He sparred with some of their members, beating them in a purely physical contest before they invited him to their village.
From there, he spent 3 months living as their "brother". He would hunt with them, celebrate with them, and even got a few of their signature tattoos in tribute to them, which he then showed off to Damien with a proud look on his face.
They took him to a Legacy Tomb which they had enshrined as a place for people to take their "Ritet of Passage" as they called it, and allowed him to clear it. He used the rewards he gained along with the hunting he did to swiftly reach 3rd class.
Ethan's story was relatively calm, even with him becoming friends with a random warring race that held completely different customs from those outside.
Next was Matthew, but he didn't say much. He simply told them how he landed in a dark eerie forest filled with undead creatures. He then told them he had found a Legacy Tomb and cleared it, obtaining an inheritance.
The other three nodded. They could feel a slightly ghastly aura radiating from Matthew that he didn't possess before they entered, and they now had an explanation for it.
As they spoke, they remained in the same place, but all the other geniuses had already begun making their way back to their respective homes.
The leaders of the various nations had already returned, and they were the only ones present in the vast plain. And now, the four would have to go separate ways.
"Don't worry, bro. I'll be coming to the Beast domain at some point soon, so we'll meet again then. Let's properly brawl it out at that time." Damien said as he gave Ethan a fist bump.
Ethan didn't really know the concept of fist-bumping but went with it anyway. "Alright. You don't have to rush, though. It'd be embarrassing if you rushed over just to get your ass handed to you."
After a bit more banter, they parted ways. Matthew had also left to wherever he had come from. The only ones left in the plain were Damien Rose and Zara.
"So, ready to go meet your father-in-law?" Rose suddenly said.
Damien's face went whiter than a sheet of paper as he robotically turned his head to face her. "I'm sorry I don't think I heard you right. Can you repeat what you just said?"
Rose smiled mischievously. "Your father-in-law of course. What? Did you think you could just have a casual relationship with the princess of the Adelaire Empire?"
"Ha…Haha…" Damien forced out a laugh. And then, he ran. "If you can't catch me I don't have to get married! Hahaha!"
Rose's face burned red in annoyance. 'If you don't want to marry me so much why don't you just say it?' She then sprinted after him.
 Only Zara was left, confused at what just happened. But, with the thought that the two were playing around, Zara also got excited and ran after them. "Wait for me!"
Damien was in the front, still running at full speed, but unlike his outward appearance, his mind was calm. Truthfully, he already knew that agreeing to be with Rose was essentially guaranteeing they would get married.
He had been in this world long enough to understand that dating culture wasn't as open-minded as earth, and most people would only have one partner in their entire lives unless, of course, they had a harem.
At first, he hesitated at the thought of getting married. He was young and had his whole life ahead of him. But as time passed, his hesitation lessened. This was especially true after the legacy tomb trial when Damien started considering a harem.
He realized that even if she was his wife, it was only a vow to stay together till the ends of time. There were no legal documents, taxes, or prenuptial agreements like earth. They would still only be dating currently, but he had to at least become her fiancée, simply to show his sincerity.
Damien stopped running at full speed, allowing Rose to catch up. Then, before she could even speak, he beat her to it.
"So, aren't you going to tell me about my future father-in-law? Or are you going to make your hubby go into this meeting blind?"
Rose blushed, but still smiled widely. Even if he was being sarcastic in the latter parts of his sentence, she could tell that he had accepted the rest.
So, Rose gave him a not-so-brief overview of her father's personality as the trio made their way to Aurora.



Chapter 82 Meeting 1
It wouldn't take long for the trio to reach Aurora with their current speed. Actually, they could have reached faster if Damien just warped them there, but since their current conversation was important, they opted to just fly Zara's back.
Rose gave Damien a proper explanation of not only her father's personality but also her own past.
Damien listened intently, and after hearing the story of what happened to her mother, he doubted whether he could actually deal with multiple women or not. Since they had time right now, Damien decided to have this conversation with Rose as well as solidify their relationship.
After their second kiss, they had basically already gotten together, but they never said anything to confirm it. The first confirmation was the matter Rose said about her father.
And the conversation wasn't really anything special. With how they had both already known each other's feelings for a long time, it ended as soon as it began. Its only purpose was to serve as verbal confirmation.
While Damien was hesitating about how to bring up the other issue, Rose did it for him.
"Also, I don't mind if you have multiple women in the future. I know my mother died in the schemes that come from a large harem, so I'll make sure to limit yours so it doesn't get out of hand."
While Damien was staring at her with his eyes and mouth wide, Rose continued with a grin.
"I'll always be the first wife anyway. Plus, I already know you like that girl you told me about from earth. But don't expect me to just silently watch you get with her."
Damien didn't have any words, silently nodding to show his agreement before he began absentmindedly staring at nothing. It took a few hours for him to calm down, but he finally remembered that he had to check his status.
'Status'
Status
Damien Void
Half-HumanHalf-Beast
Male - Age 20
Level 100 - Celestial
Experience value: 0150,000
Title(s): •••••••, Bearer of the Void Physique, Evolver
Affinities: Space, ???, ???
Physique: Void Physique
Magic Power: 18000
STR: 375
AGI: 380
DEF: 370
INT: 400
DEX: 380
Skills: Warp Level 10, Dimensional Magic Level 1, High-Level Regeneration Level Max, Void Sword Art Level 3, Mana Sense Level Max, Devour Level 5, Vector Control Level 8, Lightning Magic Level Max, Inventory
Trait(s): Shock Absorption, All-Seeing Eyes Level 4, Dragon's Breath, Ananta Matrix
Damien didn't really understand what was going on in his status window. The stat boost he received could be explained by the baptism of starlight he received, but his affinities section was incomprehensible.
Trying to send his senses into that area of his body where he figured his affinities were located, he felt much more there than his spatial affinity.
For one, his lightning wasn't actually gone. He could still feel it and he could still wield lightning attribute power. However, he felt that something had changed about it. No, it was like his lightning attribute had become a part of something greater.
Although it wasn't an explanation for the question marks that replaced it, at least he had some sort of lead on what happened. It was the second set of question marks that left him baffled.
The energy he associated with this question mark seemed to not exist at all, but he could still feel it within him. It felt familiar, but he was sure he'd never come in touch with it before.
This wasn't something he could understand in a short amount of time. He instinctively knew that he would have to take a long period of gathering insights to understand what the new affinity was.
While he was ruminating over the changes in his status, the trio had finally arrived at Aurora. Seeing the bustling capital city again reminded Damien of when he had first arrived in this world and become an adventurer.
The difference between those two times was immense though. The short year and a half he had spent on Apeiron was filled with action. Last time, he could only cover at most half of the massive city with his awareness, but now the entire city was clearly portrayed before him with ease.
He felt that if he wanted, he could destroy even half of this city if he tried hard enough, though he had no reason to do so.
Reaching the city entrance, Zara landed on the ground and shrunk. With Rose already disguised before they even left the secret realm, the trio simply walked into the city like any normal group of people.
The meeting with the emperor would be a pretty serious event, and neither of them knew what its outcome would be, so they decided to spend some time enjoying the city before they went to the palace.
They walked around peacefully and enjoyed the sights, having a miniature date as the sun began to set. When night fell, the trio went to Damien's old house and stayed there. He had never sold it when he left since he felt it was useful to have, so it was still in its regular condition.
Damien went to his old room and took a quick shower before hopping into bed. 'Tomorrow is going to be a long day. Not just that, but I get the feeling that there is going to be a lot of long days in the future.'
'My return is to earth is imminent. I can already feel that if I wanted, I could warp there right now. Though, warp doesn't seem like the right word.'
Damien felt that there was a subtle change in his warp skill. When he was teleporting to places within a normal distance limit, it'd stay the same, but if he wanted to go longer distances, he felt that his entrance would be much more extravagant.
This was another reason why he chose not to warp to the capital. He knew that his dimensional magic take some time to get used to. Even if he didn't learn anything new, he at least had to understand the changes to his current move set.
Damien lay on the bed, relaxing as he thought through his future plans when he noticed his room door open. Realizing the situation, he got the urge to sigh, but he simply closed his eyes and pretended to sleep.
Rose didn't know what she was doing or why she was doing it, but everything in her body screamed for her to enter Damien's room tonight. It wasn't even her eyes that did this, maybe it was just her emotions overwhelming her.
Rose was wearing nothing but a lacy nightdress, making this venture even more risqué than it previously would have been, but she hardened her will and powered through.
Silently entering the room, Rose climbed into bed with Damien, attempting to gauge his reaction, but she was saddened when there wasn't any.
Just as she thought to silently escape the room, she felt a strong pull and fell back to the bed.
"Don't be so hasty to leave. So why did our little princess decide to enter a single man's room in the middle of the night, hmm?" Damien teased in a low voice.
Rose immediately blushed when her actions were called out. Even she herself was confused, so how could she explain it to him?
 But Damien was pretty clear on the reason. After all, it was a pretty normal thing. He brought her close and let her lay down on his chest.
"Listen, I know you're nervous that I have to go meet your dad tomorrow, but there's no need for drastic actions. Didn't we already solidify our relationship on the way here? Even if he doesn't accept, I'll do everything I can to make him change his mind."
Rose slightly calmed down as she listened to Damien's steady heartbeat and soothing words. Indeed, she was extremely nervous about letting Damien meet with her dad.
Besides the fact that her dad was already strict about her relationships, he didn't even know Damien's background. She figured that he would immediately condemn their relationship. So, she came here to give Damien something that couldn't be taken back.
If their relationship had progressed to that level, the emperor would be more forced to accept them, but Damien didn't want to take her in this way. He had never fancied himself a romantic, but he kept taking actions that indicated otherwise.
Maybe it was more due to the fact that he wanted to take their relationship slow, but that didn't change the fact that these small actions of consideration made Rose fall deeper for him with every passing day.
It had only been a year since they had been consistently interacting, so it wasn't clear whether the emotion was love quite yet, but it was infinitely close to reaching that point.
As she lay in the peaceful atmosphere with Damien lightly stroking her back, Rose ended up falling asleep. Her worries had been lifted enough to allow her to do so.
Damien stayed up for a bit longer, deep in thought about various matters, but he soon followed. The duo slept peacefully until the next morning when it was finally time for the fateful meeting.



Chapter 83 Meeting 2
The imperial palace was situated on a massive hill directly in the middle of Aurora. And with its size, it was visible even from tens of kilometers away. Rose led Damien through the high-class neighborhoods that made up the hill before arriving at the gates to the palace.
"Your Highness," the guards immediately bowed when they saw her. When they got close enough to the palace, Rose had already taken off her disguise.
She simply nodded at the guards and entered the palace with Damien at her side.
The palace was designed similarly to the many smaller variants Damien had seen during his time on Apeiron. From the temple to the legacy tomb, they all had a similar structure.
Upon entry, the first thing one would see was a massive hall leading to a singular set of pristine white double doors.
The sides of this hall were decorated with various ornaments and aesthetics, and besides these, there were countless smaller doors leading elsewhere. These were the routes one could take to the inner palace.
But at the moment, there was no need to use these doors. Rose was making a beeline for the throne hall without paying attention to anything else. She wanted to get the meeting with her father over as soon as possible so they could go back to minding their own business.
When she knocked on the doors, she was met with silence before a deep voice rang out. "Enter."
The doors swung open on their own and the scene inside was revealed. Similar to the previous hall, this one was also decorated majestically, but the carpets and decorations that lined its interior seemed to all focus on accentuating a single location.
That was, of course, the throne located at the end of the hall. There were seats lined up for ministers and others who would seek an audience for the emperor along the sides of the hall and two thrones at its end.
Yet, only one of them was occupied. The other one had stayed empty for around a decade now. It was the throne where Rose's mother used to sit.
On the occupied throne sat a lone man with short pink hair and piercing ruby eyes.
 If the storm of magic power that surrounded Malcolm could be considered a sea of blood, the one around the emperor was more like a raging tornado. 
His cold gaze scanned the two, warming slightly only when he looked at Rose.
"Father, I have returned," Rose said with a curt bow.
The emperor nodded as he looked at the only other person in the room. Yet, this person didn't seem to have any indication of lowering himself.
If this was a normal meeting with the emperor, he might've swallowed his pride and showed respect, but it wasn't. He needed to show his future father-in-law that he wasn't someone to be looked down on.
"Good afternoon, senior."
The emperor continued to scan Damien with his indifferent gaze before once again looking over at Rose. It was at this point she realized he already knew what they came here for.
"Father, I-"
"Enough. Leave for now and let me speak with him alone."
Rose hesitated, but when Damien also lightly nodded at her, she reluctantly left the room.
Damien and the emperor stared at each other in silence for a few minutes before one of them decided to speak.
"What did you do to my daughter."
"Hm? If anything you should be asking what your daughter did to me."
The emperor's eyes became sharp as he disappeared from his throne. Damien also took out his sword. Fist met metal and a resounding clap rang through the throne hall.
The emperor stayed still, but Damien was thrown back towards the door. But he didn't allow himself to stay in such a vulnerable position.
He teleported a few meters behind the emperor, carrying his velocity through the spatial layers and recycling the force from the emperor's previous punch to strike him.
Molecules were forced into vibration and lightning crackled in the vicinity before tens of plasma beams also shot towards the emperor
And on top of it all,
'Void Sword Art 3rd Step: Spatial Collapse'
Damien directly used his strongest move. He was painfully aware that he couldn't stack up to a 4th class, so he decided to use everything he had in the first exchange.
The emperor stood still and watched calmly as the barrage of different attacks headed his way. When the beams of plasma and lightning neared him, he sliced his arm down at a speed Damien couldn't follow.
The air around the emperor ripped in half, causing space to tear. Every single one of those beams was swallowed by the spatial crack that formed.
It was then that space began to distort and twist, but how could someone who could rip apart space itself be trapped within its collapse? The emperor used the same method to destroy the spatial collapse.
Damien immediately teleported away. His face was twisted into a frown. This was the first time he had ever faced someone who could affect space, leaving him at a disadvantage. His eyes shined as he learned about a weakness he wasn't aware of.
If it was a couple of months ago, he would've been completely helpless already, but he had gained an entirely new arsenal of moves recently. Concentrating on one of the many ethereal connections he had gained, he manifested a flame on his palm.
The emperor finally had a reaction when he saw the flame on Damien's palm. His brow raised and he looked on with interest, seemingly curious about Damien's next move.
Sadly, this was a power Damien only recently gained and didn't have time to experiment with yet, so he could only use it in its most rudimentary form, a fireball.
He simply threw the fireball at the emperor, who captured it in a ball seemingly made entirely of the surrounding air and observed it.
"Hmm, this power is interesting. It seems to come from the sun itself, but it is also not technically borrowed power." Looking back at Damien, the emperor nodded. "Let's stop here for now."
Damien also nodded. He wasn't able to do even the slightest bit of damage, but this was expected. No matter how short it was, he was still glad he got the opportunity to spar with someone this much stronger than him.
He also got to see how different the various beings at 4th class were. While Malcolm couldn't tear space like the emperor, the destruction he caused was more lethal. He couldn't help but wonder which of them would win in a fight.
"Let's get to the most important matter first. Tell me which world you came from and what purpose you arrived here to achieve. Keep in mind that trying to lie in front of me will result in instant death."
Damien nodded. He wasn't surprised by the question nor the fact that he wouldn't be able to lie. The class difference was expansive to the point where even the smallest actions Damien took could be observed by the emperor precisely.
So, Damien told the emperor about earth and how it had only recently been introduced to mana, how he ended up trapped in a dungeon, and how he arrived on the surface.
The emperor listened with a passive expression, but inwardly he was feeling complicated. He saw no lies in Damien's words, but that made things more confusing. 'How can a beginner world produce a talent that can rival even my daughter?'
It had to be known that it had been tens of thousands of years since Apeiron was introduced to mana. Those born in this world would naturally have better talent than those in new worlds until a few generations passed.
Not to mention the fact that the Adelaire royal family was the progeny of two demigods, which further elevated their talent.
The emperor stayed silent. He had seen the close relationship between the two kids long before they had actually gotten together, even back when they first met. He had been evaluating Damien ever since then.
And no matter how he tried to look for faults, he couldn't find anything to warrant rejecting Damien's relationship with his daughter. He was talented enough to not burden her, his character was outstanding and he never seemed to move based on his lust, and his decision-making was good enough to pass.
Though Damien had plenty of flaws, they were things that could be fixed with time. He was still young, after all.
The emperor's only qualm was Damien's background, but even that didn't seem to be an issue. He was smarter than to be hostile to every otherworlder simply because of the Nox. Especially when the other world had the potential to birth talents like Damien even while it was in its infancy.
"Sigh…I will not stand in the way of your relationship with my daughter, but there are certain things you must do in order to keep that relationship. I will speak to you about that when she returns to the room."
Damien smiled brightly but realized there was another topic he had to bring up.
"Senior, we need to talk about the Nox."



Chapter 84 Meeting 3
The emperor's eyes became serious as Damien narrated his and Rose's experience within the temple. Although he already knew the story from his ancestral teachings, he had never seen the Nox in person.
He was born 500 years ago when the demigods of Apeiron had all died out. Hearing Damien's description of the Nox, he fell into thought.
Damien had long decided to share this information with Rose's father. From her explanation yesterday, he gathered that although he was soft on her, he was a shrewd individual and a cunning old fox when it came to politics. He was also someone that genuinely cared for the well-being of his empire.
Someone with this type of personality was someone Damien wanted to build a solid relationship with. If he was most lacking in a single area, it would be politics. He hated all the tricks and schemes that came with it and the mental battles that were fought.
He'd much rather take to the frontlines and allow someone else to deal with political nonsense for him.
But he knew he needed to become more cunning. He figured he'd just learn as time passed, but maybe he could gather a few tricks from the emperor.
The emperor slowly collected his thoughts before nodding. "Let me worry about this for now. You and Rose are young, so you should gain strength in preparation for the inevitable war."
Damien agreed. As they wrapped up their conversation, the emperor called Rose back into the room.
"Father," Rose said with anxiety evident on her face.
Seeing her like this made the emperor slightly drop his indifferent facade. She was the type who always charged into danger without worry for the consequences, and now she was looking at him like a little girl again.
He couldn't help but be reminded of fond memories from her childhood. Even though he didn't have much time to raise her properly, he did his best to be a good father.
"It's a rare occasion to see you flustered like this," he teased before getting a sudden idea. He made a quick signal to Damien before continuing.
And Damien naturally understood what the emperor wanted to do, it was just surprising that he would suddenly have a complete switch in the serious persona he had been projecting this entire time.
"I will not approve of this relationship. He is not worthy of you." The emperor said, his indifference returning.
When Rose looked over at Damien, she saw the pained look on his face. When he saw her watching him, he seemingly averted his eyes in shame.
Rose began panicking. This wasn't how she imagined things to go. After all, the two of them had very similar personalities at the core. 'Did they fight? Was there a disagreement?'
Seeing her get so flustered made it impossible to stay in character. Basically at the same time, both the emperor and Damien broke out into raucous laughter.
Rose's gaze switched between the two of them as her confusion slowly turned into anger. "Y-y-you!"
Since she couldn't do anything about her father, she went straight for Damien. "You'll pay for this!"
Damien gave a light smile towards the emperor before running out of the throne hall, followed by an angry Rose.
The emperor stared at their receding backs with a slight smile on his face. They truly reminded him of his relationship with his first wife, Rose's mother.
Thinking of her only brought pain and longing to his heart. He had long since killed the ones responsible for her death, and he had made sure to do it with his own hands, but he felt it wasn't enough to avenge her.
The only reason he didn't continue his rampage and eradicate the families that were implicated was due to the nature of Rose's mother. She was a kind woman who didn't like to find fault in anyone. If she knew what he had done, she would never forgive him.
Sighing, he disappeared from the room. When his figure reappeared, he was in a certain room in the castle. In front of him were a small bed, a tea table, and a garden that didn't lose its luster even in the 10 years since its owner had passed.
He walked forward to the grave that was made in the middle of this room. It was where she had asked to be buried when she died, so he had followed her wish.
"Agata, sometimes it's surprising just how accurate your predictions could be. Not only did our daughter grow powerful, but that person also arrived.
"He's just a young man that our daughter has fallen in love with, but his entrance into her life has already begun to change her destiny. Do you know that she's already a 3rd class? And from her aura, she is much stronger than those at her level.
"Yet, that boy is even stronger than her." The emperor let out a slight chuckle. "He faced me fearlessly even with our level difference, and even Malcolm told me of how the boy did the same when he was only at 2nd class.
"Although it still hurts to give our daughter away to that kid, I will follow her and your will. You never let me astray before and I refuse to believe you'd do it now."
The main reason he didn't have a problem with Damien and Rose's relationship was that he already knew it would happen before they even met. His first wife had predicted it all.
After all, how could eyes like Rose's just randomly show up? She had inherited it from her mother, though she wasn't aware of this. The emperor stayed within this room for a bit longer before he once again vanished from his place.
Meanwhile, Damien and Rose had already finished their small game of tag and were happily chatting within the palace.
"Let's stay here for a few more months before we head back," Damien said, "I learned about many of my weaknesses earlier and I'd like to take some time to fix them and experiment with my new power."
Rose nodded. She needed to get used to the gains she received from the obelisk as well. Although there weren't as many clear changes in her status as with Damien, there were more intrinsic changes that she felt she needed to tap into. Not to mention that she also had a set of question marks in the affinity section of her status.
And so, the two of them began to train diligently. Damien focused mainly on his lightning, trying to get more use out of it than he previously could, while also experimenting with his new powers.
The power of starlight was extremely unique, and Damien wanted to learn how to efficiently use it without draining all of his mana. Not only that, he wanted to be able to cast his skills and spells instantly, rather than needing to concentrate as he did previously. Every second wasted in battle could lead to his potential death.
He had only tried to use sunfire so far, not experimenting with any other uses of starlight. So, he needed a good amount of time to learn.
Rose was similar. She had gained many insights into both illusion and wind, but she focused more on her illusions. She had gained tomes containing years of research of the creator of the legacy tomb but had yet to dive into this knowledge.
She spent her time assimilating this new knowledge and turning it into her own, gaining insights on improving her illusions. Besides the tomes, she also spent time learning to properly use her new illusory throne skill.
If she could raise her illusions to Grandmaster level control while already having an understanding of how to use her domain, she could empower this skill by leagues.
Zara, who was feeling a bit like a third wheel to these two, had made her way to the Helia Forest to train within the beast domain.
 Although she was most comfortable by Damien's side, she knew her priorities. Not to mention that the two's mental connection would still be active, so she didn't need to be worried.
Damien currently stood in the middle of an open field as he tested a move he'd been wanting to create ever since he gained a spatial affinity. It was a badass move that he had always wanted to try.
Closing his eyes and concentrating, Damien felt the makeup of the atmosphere and outer space that was past it. He felt the large number of celestial bodies that existed within that expansive darkness.
And then, he pulled. He knew exactly what he was doing and did it with all his power. And the result? A massive crater tens of kilometers both wide and deep was formed. Damien smiled like a fool seeing this.
The devastation was leagues above what he'd been able to do with his previous power level, and he was extremely proud of himself. Damien quickly closed his eyes as he tried to do it once more. He needed to perfect this move before his return.
And like that, 6 more months passed.
Damien, Rose, and Zara stood in the middle of a massive clearing far away from any civilization. They had already talked with the emperor and gotten his consent for their plans, so they moved without pause.
Staring at the expansive sky above him, Damien let out a heavy sigh. "It's been 4 years. It's finally time to return home."
Feeling his emotions, Rose and Zara came close and showered him with warmth. Lightly smiling, he raised his hand. The ground in front of the trio twisted and warped.
A massive portal was in the process of forming.



Chapter 85 Memories 1
Earth, 2055
It had been 10 years since earth had awakened to mana and civilization had changed to the point where it would be unrecognizable by those of the previous era.
Mana had led to the advent of many new technologies and products that both advanced everyday living and the race as a whole. The first 5 or so years were spent acclimating to the new world, but the latter 5 were filled with development.
Humanity was a race that was always quick to learn and develop once they had gotten a grasp on their situation. Their biggest strength was to adapt. And adapt they did.
Many futuristic things one would only imagine to be in sci-fi movies were normalized in the past 5 years. Even flying cars had been invented, though they were only available for purchase to the highest echelon of society, being difficult to produce.
Besides technology, society had also made massive developments, though whether these were good or bad were unknown. Earth had become one with its imagination. When 2nd class started to become more common, many organizations popped up with various purposes.
But order needed to be maintained. Going with a concept they already knew, humanity split into a world filled with heroes and villains.
3 years ago, a mysterious phenomenon occurred. A bright light enveloped the entire planet, momentarily blinding its people. The source of this light and its implications were unknown at the time, but many strange individuals began appearing out of the woodworks.
Although their numbers were only in the tens, these individuals possessed strength that surpassed those of anyone on the planet. These were the people who now ran the organizations in charge of heroes and villains.
Their true purpose was unknown, but it was clear that there were two sides among these people. The ones who led the heroes had a righteous air, seemingly disdaining any lowly action, while the ones who led the villains always carried greed in their eyes, succumbing to their desires.
The diametrically opposed individuals began gathering forces and humanity was split between them. It was unknown who they were or where they came from, but people didn't care.
The common populace wanted order, which the hero association, titled Asgard, was providing them. Meanwhile, those who desired chaos or desired sin drifted towards the villain society, Niflheim.
Heroes and villains were at constant war with each other, but on the surface, the world remained peaceful. Gates continued to generate and heroes took care of them, earning the worship of the people.
Meanwhile, villains either acted as petty criminals or attempted to make grand schemes. Power was obtained easily through massacre, and it got to people's heads. They proclaimed themselves gods and did as they pleased, at least until they were caught.
 But as mentioned before, leveling required death. There was no righteous message about how killing was bad or how villains should be captured. That would be pure idiocy. 
Any villain that was caught would be killed where they stood, and any hero unfortunate enough to meet someone more powerful than them would die a meaningless death.
Even the previously standing Guild Association had been swallowed in this conflict, becoming one with Asgard. Those that didn't agree with Asgard's ruling either quit entirely or joined Niflheim.
It was currently August. The winds ushered in the fall season and leaves began to brown. A certain blue-haired girl walked through a park and admired the scenery.
Elena had been spending most of her time in gates for the last 4 years, only seeing the changes of society when she took breaks like she was doing now.
She had no idea how things progressed this way so suddenly, but she knew it was suspicious. However, she was no hero, nor was she a villain. She simply gained strength in secret while living an average life in public.
If she ever saw someone acting up or killing civilians, she wouldn't stand by and do nothing, but she didn't make an active effort to save people.
It had been 4 years since Damien was thrown into the dungeon and it had been 2 and a half since Elena had destroyed Jin's legacy. Ever since that day, he had left her alone.
Rather, it was rare to see him enter the public eye for a few months. After that, Jin went and became a hero. He took a hero name, calling himself NightChaser, and fought villains and gates, gaining the love of the public.
He was one of what people called the "pillars of humanity", some of the strongest people alive. These were the people who both did the most for the fight against villains and the closing of gates.
Still, Elena didn't bother with him. As long as he didn't chase her, she didn't care what he did. She had already sentenced him to death. And that was because even after all these years, she still held hope that Damien would return.
She had felt the existence of that faint ethereal thread, that feeling that connected them. It had been ever-present through the years and stood tall as her beacon of hope. Even she called herself irrational for thinking this way, but she couldn't help herself.
She tried to forget, she tried to kill her emotions, she tried to move on, but as long as that ethereal string existed in her consciousness, she couldn't. She believed that he was on the other end of that string.
So, she had spent the last 4 years taking care of his mother, unceasingly moving with the goal of staying on his level when he returned. This was also the reason she didn't bother with Jin. When Damien returned, wasn't Jin dated to die?
And like that, she had reached level 90, infinitely close to becoming 3rd class.
Elena sat on a park bench as all these thoughts came back to her. While she did occasionally think about everything, there was a specific reason this time.
It had been 7 years since high school had ended, and a reunion had been planned for those in her grade. It was an awkward number for a reunion, but since it was 10 years since the World Awakening, they decided to hold it anyway.
She was only 21 this year, meaning she graduated high school at 14, but this was relatively normal. The standard of education had been raised worldwide in the 2030s and a steeper learning curve was implemented.
Most people graduated high school at 15, but she and Damien were at the younger end of the spectrum, leading to them turning 15 only after graduation.
Thinking about high school, Elena sighed. Those days were good memories for her, but at the same time, they were painful. Her first meeting with Damien was in high school, but she had to sit and watch him get bullied without the ability to help.
Even if she tried to help, he would always reject, saying he didn't want to owe any favors. This was always his attitude, and it only became more pronounced after he awakened as someone weak. Even though the bullying became worse, he simply took it silently and continued his life.
Elena admired this quality of him more than he could imagine. His will to survive through everything without batting an eye was something she wished she had, but at the same time, she thought it was a flaw he needed to fix.
Not the fact that he could survive, rather the part where he tried to do it all alone.
It was this quality that slowly started turning her platonic feelings into something more. She watched him power through everything and decided to do whatever she could to help. So, she did her best to make every moment they spent together a happy memory.
And in this quest, she slowly fell for him. For his determination, for the kindness he had towards those who earned it, and for the dominant self that he showed only around her.
Elena shook her head. She was supposed to be deciding whether to attend the high school reunion, but she ended up daydreaming about Damien again. She couldn't help it, since she associated her happy high school life with memories of his face.
Thinking about the reunion, Elena couldn't Yelp but sigh again. It would be filled with people who used to bully Damien and try to peer pressure her into dropping him as her friend.
It was filled with vile girls who used to spread rumors behind people's backs to ruin their lives and annoying boys who would always look at her lustfully and openly brag about trying to hook up with her.
And the worst part was that with the advent of the new society, most of these people developed her complexes. They thought of themselves as defenders of justice and would probably use that standing to elevate their egos.
But, she still decided to go in the end. She felt it was a moral obligation she had. Not to mention, there was a single person she wanted to see.
It was a teacher that she had back in her sophomore year of high school named Alison Clark. She was the only person who had stood up for her during those days.
Elena had confided in her about what was happening with Damien, and it was this teacher who gave her the idea to make every moment she could into a happy memory.
From that point, she began talking to Alison almost on a daily basis and treated her more like an older sister than a teacher. Sadly, they drifted apart after graduation since Elena joined the guild and was constantly busy doing work for them.
For the sake of meeting the sole person other than Damien that she enjoyed talking to during high school, she would go to the reunion.
And so, Elena stood up from the park bench where she sat and made her way over to the school.