Chapter-559-Complaints


559 nbspomplaints 
 Sun Demos was not the only one who complained to Michael. The Blood Oath Demon Monkey King was merely the first of his many subordinates. 
 Following Sun Demos' departure to act as the future guardian of his master's territory, complaints from the Lesser Elementals and the members of the Sacred Knight Temple reached Michael. 
 "The Lesser Elementals want to join the war in the Savannah Region. They heard about the heroic tales of their brethren and they desire to create their own heroic tales." Zeroa informed him. She forwarded a few more comments from the Lesser Elementals, making it clear that the Elementals didn't want to rot away in their society underground. They wanted to help Michael and their Empress to protect and expand their territory, while also seeing the breathtaking scenery in the outside world. 
 "My students hope that you can allow them to join the next battle as well. I know that you're worried about their well-being, but there is no need for that. Each and every single one of them knows what might happen on the battlefield. Thus, you cannot pull them away from all battles. They need to learn how to fight life-and-death battles and the Savannah's Regional War is the most suitable to achieve that. There are no Higher Lifeforms on the battlefield, after all," Siegfried Dracoon said as he approached his Lord. 
 Michael turned to the Immortal Knight and nodded, "I know that I shouldn't restrain them. They can leave with the Awakened once everyone has recuperated. 
 "But tell them that I won't return to the Savannah Region for the time being. That means they have to rely on their own combat prowess, tactical understanding and situational awareness to survive," Michael added. He wanted to keep fighting in the Savannah's Regional War but he had put aside his job and responsibilities as a Lord long enough. 
 More than enough time had passed since he obtained the treasures from the Bartholomew's Soultrait Symbol Auction, but he had yet to extract the impurities within the Summoning Cores. He had been so busy that he didn't even install the Cores yet 
 He had to tell the Immortal Knight a few more things but that didn't take long. Once their discussion was over  with Michael allowing everyone who wanted to join the Regional War to do that  Michael retrieved a small obsidian token. Thick crimson veins passed through the token, creating intricate patterns all over the obsidian's surface. 
 "Take this. It's a Bloodline Upgrade Token. Once you break the token, your bloodline will be upgraded. I don't know how painful that will be but considering that you sustained some major injuries which decayed a portion of your body, I guess it will be very painful," He explained. 
 "It will probably take a while as well, and consume a tremendous amount of resources. So, take this as well" Michael added, while retrieving piles of Inferior Energy Stones and Intermediate Nutrient Pills to support Siegfried's bloodline upgrade. 
 "I don't know what to say. This isunbelievable," Siegfried responded after a while. He'd been speechlessly staring at the Bloodline Upgrade Token and he couldn't believe what was happening. The Immortal Knight had already accepted his fate. He accepted that he would never be able to join his students onto the battlefield. The day he was summoned, he knew that all he could do was share his knowledge, train students to become stronger and fend for themselves, and to recreate the Sacred Knight Temple. 
 It was not a boring life. Training his ambitious learners was entertaining, and it felt great to witness the reappearance of the Sacred Knight Temple. However, none of that was the same as being out on the battlefield, feeling the electrifying tension spreading all over the battlefield, and fighting with his life on the line. 
 The Immortal Knight was thirsty for action. He wanted to fight again, but he knew that he would never be able to do so. His battle spirit remained but his youth and fighting powers had been taken from him. vlRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on vln.
 But the Bloodline Upgrade Token could change everything. Siegfried Dracoon could tell from the bottom of his heart that the Bloodline Upgrade Token was the solution to all of his problems. 
 He couldn't believe that his master was willing to give him something like this. Just like that. Michael didn't even request anything in return. If anything, Michael gave Siegfried more than that. He provided the Immortal Knight with everything he could possibly need to initiate the bloodline upgrade and overcome it without any difficulties. 
 "There is no need to say anything. But if you want to say something, how about 'Thank you' That's all there is to say," Michael shrugged, "At the end of the day, actions reveal more about someone than words. So if you're really thankful, keep doing what you have been doing. That's all I wish for." 
 The Immortal Knight observed at his Lord, his expression softening.nbsp nbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp nbsp 
 "Thank you." He said from the bottom of his heart. "Thank you very much" 
 Michael nodded back at Immortal Knight's heartfelt expression of gratitude. He didn't know what to say. Instead, he cleared his throat and wished Immortal Knight good luck and a successful bloodline upgrade. 
 Afterward, they went their separate ways. The Immortal Knight retreated to upgrade his bloodline. He looked ahead to it, excitement filling his heart. 
 Michael was ready to dive into his to-do list of things he'd pushed aside for over a week, but there was something else he had to do before he got started. 
 He had to integrate some changes into the Jungle Point System. Mekhaz's words and his piece of advice might not be entirely correct, but his sneaky comments were not wrong either. It was not like Michael wanted to restrain his subordinates in some way. Now that he had given it some thought, it would help Michael if his subordinates managed to collect enough Jungle Points to purchase a Soultrait Symbol and Soultrait Upgrades without having to kill hundreds of powerful Awakened. Nonetheless, it was a fact that Michael didn't want to turn Soultrait Symbols into something 'ordinary'. He hoped that the Soultrait Symbols from the Jungle Point Shop could remain special. Therefore, the prices couldn't be too low. 
 'The price for everyone's first Soultrait Symbol will be heavily discounted. The second Soultrait Symbol won't have a discount, and the price from the 3rd Soultrait onward will increase exponentially. I should do the same with SoulStar Fragments.' 
 'The price for the first three upgrades, which is equivalent to roughly 500 SoulStar Fragments, will be cheap and easy to procure, but the following upgrades will cost a lot more. Most won't be able to increase their Soultrait to 5-Star anytime soon, which gives me enough time to harvest more Soultrait Symbols and SoulStar Fragments to upgrade my strength as well' 
 Michael implemented the changes without further delay. It was a good thing if his subordinates grew stronger. His subordinates were part of his territory's military force, after all. Stronger subordinates were harder to kill as well. Nourishing a small elite force by giving each of them several Soultraits sounded much more pleasant than hiring thousands of Awakened in bulk. After all, he didn't have the means to nourish thousands of Awakened. 
 It was also a good thing that Micheal integrated a special clause into the Soul Pact of his subordinates. Once they purchased a Soultrait Symbol, their Soul Pact would tighten, preventing the Awakened from betraying Michael even if he were to surrender his Lord power. Furthermore, the Awakened would be forced into fusing with the Soultrait Symbol they'd purchased. 
 Michael added this clause to the Soul Pact to prevent his Awakened from selling Soultrait Symbols to other forces, or to exchange them with others. They would have to fuse the Soultrait Symbol they'd purchased, or their Soul Pact would shatter, bursting the Awakened's heart and insides in one go. 
 It might sound cruel, but Michael couldn't think of a better clause to prevent other forces from procuring his Soultrait Symbols for a cheap price. He didn't want his generosity to come back to bite him. 
 Once he was done altering the Jungle Point System, Michael checked how many Awakened were already close to purchasing their first Soultrait Symbol. Since they'd returned a while ago, the dashboard inside the Jungle Shop had been updated. Everyone's Jungle Points were listed, and their achievements were neatly written down in the Jungle Shop's log. 
 Bureaucracy was an annoying thing that had to be done properly in every territory, but the paperwork for certain tasks didn't seem like a big problem. In fact, most people liked paperwork that given them benefits. Therefore, everyone who had been fighting in the Regional War finished their report swiftly. They provided hard evidence to back their claims, completed their reports, and were given Jungle Points not long after. 
 "Thaor is doing much better than expected, but Mekhaz is much faster. That's not unexpected. But then again, none of the newcomers can retain up with Tiara and the EmeraldLeaf Adventurer team. They'll have to procure their 2nd Soultrait Symbol and upgrade it to 4-Star before they can desire to keep up with them," Michael snickered lightly. 
 He turned away from the dashboard before he gestured to his attendant. 
 "Make a list and tell everyone that they have to hand over an official application if they want to join the Savannah's Regional War. I want to know their strengths, weaknesses, rank, and the reason they want to join the Regional War. If their rank is too low, or their reasoning seems off, reject them," Michael ordered heartlessly. 
 "I don't want anyone who endangers their comrades. If they're too weak or their reasoning is not serious, they should focus on growing more durable and changing their attitude by training hard in a secure environment. It won't do them any good if they move out and fight desperately, just to surrender their lives at the end of the day." 
 nbsp
nbsp


Chapter-560-We-Want-War!


60 We Want War
Many Blessed Squires, and Holy Knights applied for the expedition into the Savannah Region. The number of applications crossed 1000 within a few hours.vlRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on vln.
Michael didn't expect everyone to be this interested in the Regional War, but he guessed that it was mostly the internal rivalry between his subordinates that resulted in the massive flood of official applications.
Since their colleagues gained tremendous strength, confidence, and combat experience on the battlefield all while they had been safe and sound in their homes, they wanted to invade the enemy's territory as well. After all, nobody wanted to lose out against their rival
In the first place, every Starless Summon who'd joined the Sacred Knight Temple did so to grow stronger. Their reasoning was pretty simple. They either wanted to protect their friends and the people they learned to love in Michael's territory, or they desired to use the second opportunity they'd been granted by resurrecting in Michael's territory to change their fate. They didn't want to stay the same no-names they'd been before they died. Everyone wanted to be something.
Michael supported them. He didn't reject many applications. However, since he was not going to join them, Michael decided to reject every application from Summons below Late Tier-1. As long as they were at the Peak of the 1st Tier, they should be able to manage to hold the fort against some foes. Furthermore, at the Peak of Tier-1, a Summon could advance to the next Tier pretty quickly.
As long as his subjects fought in their formation and didn't charge mindlessly at their enemies, it would be fine.
Other than the 1000 official applications, Zeroa told Michael that she would join the battle with an equivalent number of Lesser Elementals. Her Lesser Elementals and the Noble Elementals weren't that powerful yet, but they could support the Blessed Squires, Holy Knights, and Awakened with their variety of elemental attacks.
Zeroa would become Tiara's temporary partner whereas the nobility of the Elementals partnered up with Thaor, Lilica, and Mekhaz.
"Please accept the low-ranked Lesser Elementals as well. They want to join, and their elemental powers can be used to protect your subjects, amplify their attacks, and aid them physically in various ways" Zeroa requested via telepathy. Michael sighed heavily but he agreed reluctantly.
Zeroa was responsible for her society. If she deemed the low-
ranked Elementals strong enough to pose a threat to the Council of Xylon and strengthen his subjects in battle, he wouldn't reject her request.
At the end of the day, Michael recalled what happened last time his subjects asked him to join the battle. That was when the incident in the Elementals Cave occurred. Nonetheless, Michael allowed most subjects to join this fight. It was their decision and responsibility. The only reason he rejected some was because he felt that they might endanger their comrades. It was fine if they took responsibility for their own lives, but Michael wouldn't allow anyone to harm their allies by being too weak, or reckless.
It annoyed him a little bit that he wasn't going to be present for the next few battles in the Savannah's Regional War, but he had too much other stuff to do. Michael couldn't run away from his responsibilities any longer. It wouldn't do him any good.
Michael realized his foolishness a few days ago. After fighting in the Savannah Region for a while, Michael understood that he shouldn't keep postponing important tasks any longer, not if that came at the expense of the people he loved.
That was also how Michael understood that his brother might suffer tremendously just because he was unwilling to talk to his mother. That wasn't fair.
However, before Michael was going to jump into the dragon's nest to talk to his mother, he had a few other things to do. He was responsible for the development of his land as well, after all
The first thing he did was obtain the Summoning Cores he'd procured in the Soultrait Symbol Auction. Those were four Basic Berserker Summoning Cores and four Basic Warlock Centaur Summoning Cores. They were incredibly valuable even though their purity level was among the worst. Fortunately, something like that was not a problem for Michael.
He summoned the Soul Grimoire and used two Soul Tears to amplify Enhancement and Extraction. The potency of the two Soultraits increased and it was not much later that Michael used eight layers of Enhancement to amplify Extraction's power exponentially.
Thereafter, Michael began to extract the impurities within the eight Basic Summoning Cores. It would have been even better if he could stack the effect of the Soul Tears because Enhanced Extraction removed a terrifically high amount of impurities from the low-quality Summoning Cores, but the effect was already shocking enough.
 The amount of impurities extracted was even larger than the impurities he'd managed to extract from the remaining 11 Summoning Cores he possessed. Taking that into consideration, Michael used Enhanced Extraction with the amplification of Soul Tears to remove more impurities from the other Summoning Cores in his possession.
Once the mess caused by the disgusting mass of impurities splattered everywhere around the Summoning Gate had been cleared, Michael installed the new Summoning Cores in the remaining vacant sockets. Only a single opening was left empty now.
"I should look for an Intermediate Summoning Core," Michael mumbled, staring at the last empty socket before he closed the hatch of the Summoning Gate. A smile crept up on his face. He felt good now that his first Summoning Gate was slowly approaching its limit. It was about time to upgrade his Summoning Gate to the Intermediate rank
The next thing he did was to move over to the Architect's main office where he retrieved 162 Intermediate-ranked Blueprints of Exotic and Extraordinary Rarity, and 75 Advanced Blueprints with core edifices like a Hunter's Academy, an Advanced Hospital and tens of devices that could be used for advanced farming, land protection, and a significant improvement of life throughout the territory.
"Since I'm not as knowledgeable about architecture, and the overall construction process, I hope you guys can meet up with the construction workers to create a priority list for all blueprints. I recommend constructing the Hunter Academy and the Advanced Hospital with its designated medical devices as soon as possible. However, I've also been given enough resources to start the construction of the Intermediate Sacred Knight Temple," Michael dropped the bombastic news in front of his subjects nonchalantly, however, they could only stare blankly at him.
The Basic level of the Sacred Knight Temple could be renovated as long as the necessary resources were put aside. The only problem was that they would have to expand the temple, build a second floor, and expand into the second basement as well. In fact, calling it a problem was exaggerated. The only issue was the time and manpower required to renovate the Sacred Knight Temple.
The sudden influx of workload stunned the architects, but rummaging through the Intermediate and Advanced Blueprints ignited their excitement. The flame of excitement burned fiercely in their hearts at the sight of some highly advanced buildings that used incredible techniques, runic engravings, and devices to construct some of those magnificent structures.
Michael felt like an outsider the moment the architects' focus switched to the blueprints. It took the architects several minutes to recall that their Lord was still in the room, waiting for their response.
"We'll create a priority list and come back to verify the list with you. As you might know, we will require resourceslots of resources, if you want us to focus on several construction sites simultaneously. It will be cost-intensive and it will take a while before the first edifices are completed. Most Advanced Blueprints have large structures and our workforce is already busy expanding the residencies for more Summons and Awakened," One of the Architects responded.
Michael expected that response and retrieved one of his rings. He removed the seal of his energy frequency and placed the ring in the Architect's palm.
"The materials required to upgrade the Sacred Knight Temple to intermediate level and a batch of other materials are inside the spatial ring. It should be enough to get started with a few projects. More materials will follow soon."
Michael had yet to sell the remaining treasures he'd obtained from the three Tier-5 Lords who'd attacked him, and that didn't even include the treasures he had obtained from the Soultrait Symbol Auction and the gains he would make once he finished extracting the corpses of the enemies they'd slain in the Regional War.
The Architects eyed him weirdly, confused about how their Lord procured so many precious materials in such a short amount of time, but Michael didn't linger in their office for long. He told them to finish the priority list and come find him to discuss the following steps of their plan. Once that was done, Michael traveled to the Alchemist's Lair to repeat what he'd done with the Architects.
He retrieved a large batch of formulas for various sought-after potions and elixirs before telling the Alchemists to create a priority list. However, he also added another request. The Alchemists were told to research more potions, the Warrior Enlightenment Potion, to be precise. If the Alchemists could create their own set of Promotion Potions for other occupations, their land would find another source to generate a massive fortune.
'Should I use some of the Vouchers for Customized Epic Tier-3 Artifacts already No. I don't really need them right now.' Michael shook his head. He might have enough space left for external amplifications, especially after his physique improved drastically thanks to Superior Constitution, but there was no need to rush.
He was not sure what type of Customized Epic Tier-3 Artifact he needed. Did he need something like that, in the first place
nbsp


Chapter-561-Another-Legend


61 Another Legend
Following the distribution of blueprints and recipes, Michael moved to a more exciting task. He called a few workers to the largest warehouse where he retrieved the corpses of the Awakened, and Soldiers that had been killed in the last seven days.
Unfortunately, only slightly more than 700 Awakened had been killed by Michael and his people. The remaining 500 Awakened had been killed by the Trilance's forces, which made it more difficult to use Extraction efficiently on them.
But Michael had an advantage. He used a Soul Tear to amplify Extraction, increasing the drop rate for all beings considerably.
Michael spent no more than an hour completing the extraction of 1,225 Awakened and 51,100 Summons. The majority of the Summons had been at Tier-2, whereas the Awakened were stronger. They reached the Peak of Tier-2, or even Tier-3 before they met their demise. That was Michael's great fortune.
In total, Michael ended up with 766,500 Summoning Scroll Fragments, 20,150 Summoning Scrolls, and 23,950 blueprints with most of them being related to structures from the Savannah Region. He also realized a large number of unique blueprints such as unique forging blueprints and blueprints for high-ranked tools for Enchanters, Alchemists, and Blacksmiths.
But there was more.
Michael extracted a total of 1,534 Artifacts. Most of them were only 2-Star Tier-1 Artifacts, but the quantity made a huge difference. Selling the Artifacts would make up for the cost of various structures. That was more than he could ask for.
However, the cream of the crop in the week's haul were the Memory Orbs, the portions of every Awakened's War Rune storage, the Soultrait Symbols he'd managed to extract, and the massive number of SoulStar Fragments he'd procured. These gains were the real deal and more than enough reason to be satisfied.
Most Awakened dropped a Memory Orb, some even two. Since Michael didn't know what fresh horror awaited him in the memories, he decided to wait before consuming them one after another.
'Useless memories will be inserted into Memory Crystals and crushed. I don't need to know about their love lives and all that nonsense,' Michael pondered to himself, putting the Memory Orbs aside for a moment.
His attention moved to the small pile of Soultrait Symbols. There were a total of 71 Soultrait Symbols, most of them extracted from the Awakened he and his people had killed.
The drop in the other corpses' gains was quite large. Michael would have to kill the Awakened either himself or have his people kill them for Extraction to work properly.
But despite all of that, amplified Extraction was still powerful. Otherwise, he wouldn't have managed to extract a total of 44,800 SoulStar Fragments on top of the 71 Soultrait Symbols
Underestimating it was a grave mistake.
"91,424 SoulStar Fragments, and 147 Soultrait Symbols. That's crazy."
Michael smiled like a little fool as he pocketed the Soultrait Symbols and the SoulStar Fragments. He momentarily forgot about his other gains and continued to grin.
"If we keep this going, I can manage to upgrade Extraction to 7-Star pretty soon. Once upgraded, I can extract even more. Good. Very good"
Michael didn't start with the creation of Extraction's 7th star right away because it was only a matter of time before the first Awakened working for him would come to request a Soultrait Upgrade. Furthermore, Extraction's potency wouldn't increase until the 7th star was completed. Hence, it didn't make a big difference even if he waited a little bit.
Since he didn't intend to move out to the Savannah Region anytime soon, Michael didn't think about upgrading his other Soultraits either. Superior Constitution seemed like a good investment, but he was not going to join the next few battles in the Regional War. There was no need to spend his SoulStar Fragments right away.
Instead of staying too focused on his Soultraits, Michael put aside all thoughts related to his Soultraits and switched his attention to the Scrolls and Scroll Fragments.
He thought about what to do for a moment and decided to make a simple move. He used Extraction on all 20,150 Ordinary Summoning Scrolls to procure more than 250,000 Summoning Scroll Fragments. Michael combined the quarter of a million fragments with the 766,500 Summoning Scroll Fragments he had obtained from extracting the Summon corpses, totaling to a whopping more than one million fragments.
It was just enough to create a Legendary Summoning Scroll.
That was exactly what Michael did. He formed his second Legendary Summoning Scroll
He initiated the fusion of the million Summoning Scroll Fragments and watched as they rose high into the air. The massive pool of Summoning Scroll Fragments swirled around rapidly. They revolved around each other and evolved into a small typhoon of fragments as they pulled closer to each other.
Michael's eyes were locked onto the center of the swirling typhoon where a golden scroll attracted his attention. A Legendary Scroll with its vibrant golden parchment and ruby seal formed slowly. The Scroll contained tremendous power, and a vigorous hue was engulfing it.
Michael licked his lip and stepped forward, ignoring the heavy presence that shrouded him the moment he strode forward.
His hand reached out to the Legendary Summoning Scroll levitating in front of him and grasped it tightly. He turned around on his heels instantaneously and rushed out of the warehouse.
"Clean up everything and organize the mess," He ordered right before disappearing, leaving the workers wondering what exactly to do with the remains of 50,000ish corpses.
Were those corpses worth anything Did their Lord need them, or should they be disposed of into the Untamed Jungle
The workers had no idea, and all they could do was stare blankly in the direction of the Summoning Gate where their Lord was busy being excited.
Michael smiled from ear to ear as he broke the ruby seal on the Legendary Summoning Scroll. He wasted no time telling anyone about the summoning, but some people were always near the Summoning Gate. They saw the golden scroll as it rose into the air, unfolding its tremendous power and comprehended something wondrous was about to happen.
The Legendary Summoning Scroll shot toward the Summoning Gate and disappeared into the energy pool. Not even three seconds later, the stars engraved into the metallic frame of the Summoning Gate began to glow up.
At first, there was only one star. The second lit up soon after, and the third didn't take long either.
However, the fourth star took a while before it shone brightly. As for the fifth star. The fifthnever lit up.
"A 4-Star Summonfrom a Legendary Scroll" Michael frowned a bit. His excitement died down considerably and he tilted his head.
The probability of summoning a 4-Star Summon from a Legendary Scroll was low, but not zero. That was unfortunate.
"Looks like I used up my fortune when I invoked the Immortal Knight," He mumbled as he watched a young elven girl emerge from the energy pool. She had short silver hair and bright eyes. Michael almost pondered that she was a man if not for her voice resounding through the vicinity.
"I'm back, bitches"
Michael and the other spectators raised an eyebrow as the elven girl's high-pitched voice greeted them.
'An excited little squirrel, a tomboyish one,' Michael joked, shaking his head.
It was a bit sad that the Legendary Summon turned out to be 4-Star, but it was not that bad. Since his people participated in the Savannah's Regional War, it was only a matter of time before he would procure more Legendary Scrolls. Even if he stayed consistently unfortunate, the worst he could get was an army of 4-Star Legends.
At the end of the day, all 4-Star Summons from Legendary Scrolls possessed great potential. As long as he treated them right and paid attention to their potential, it shouldn't be impossible to help them be promoted to 5-Star Summons. All they had to do was unlock their hidden potential, make some great achievements, and grow stronger than they had been in the past.
How hard could that be

"Welcome to my territory, Miss" Michael smiled at the young woman, who eyed the center of his territory with great interest.
Her eyes traveled toward him and locked onto his vibrant golden eyes and the mark surrounding them. A flash of curiosity passed through her eyes.
"My name is Tatjana from the Moiaralin Clan," She introduced herself absentmindedly, her eyes never breaking contact with Michael's.
 "Tatjana Moiaralin. I see," Michael mumbled right before he sensed that the Link of Loyalty with Tatjana was forming.
Information about the young Legendary Summon entered his mind and he learned a lot about her.
"The Moiaralin are a clan of beast tamers You are a Grandmaster Beast Tamer at the age of 21. That's pretty young. You di-...." Michael stopped himself from saying 'you died young'. That was for the better because Tatjana smiled sadly.
"I'm a Grandmaster Beast Tamer, but that's not enough. I'm a mistake. Trash I couldn't even unlock the Eyes of Evolution, a special perk of the Moiaralin Clan."
Michael raised an eyebrow. Tatjana seemed incredibly sad, but he had no idea what was going on.
"Being a Grandmaster Beast Tamer at the age of 21 is amazing. The Eyes of Evolution trait sounds great as well, but I don't think that you're a mistake or trash. You're amazing" Michael said, trying his best to console the sad Legendary Summon.
"But without the Eyes of Evolution, I cannot do what we're best at." She responded heavily.
"And what's that"N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.
"My Clan can see the unlocked Paths of Evolution within monsters. That power is our greatest strength and the reason we've been so powerful for thousands of years. My family considered me a failure before Idied"
Michael pressed his lips together. Tatjana had been abandoned.
He cleared his throat and looked sternly at the young Legendary Summon.
"I'm glad that you're here. It doesn't matter to me whether you have the Eye of Evolution or not. It's perfectly fine," He uttered with a smile," Please help our Tamers. They need you. We need you"
It was a bit sad that the Legendary Summoning Scroll turned out like that, but Michael could accept it without letting gloom dampen his mood further.
Who knows Maybe, Tatjana Moiarana would unlock the Eyes of Evolution in the future.

If you want to support me use your golden tickets and powerstones.
nbsp


Chapter-562-Rejuvenated


62 Rejuvenated
Michael put some time aside to introduce Tatjana to his territory. He didn't go into detail, but spent just enough time with her to make her feel comfortable.
After a short tour through the territory, Michael led Tatjana to the taming department where she was greeted heartily. The tamers of his territory never met a Grandmaster Tamer, especially not one who was in their 20s. Michael's tamers were excited to get to know Tatjana and overwhelmed her with compliments and a bombardment of questions.
It didn't take long for Tatjana to feel more comfortable and accepted into Michael's territory.
Satisfied with what he saw, Michael left to send his soldiers to the Savannah Region. They hadn't left yet and finished their last preparations before gathering in the territory center to move out together.
Michael saw Tiara and the Forest Elven Adventurers waiting for the others to arrive. Michael approached them unnoticed, only to see that they were trying to communicate with the Elemental Partners.
Tiara had it the easiest because the Elemental Empress had been with Michael for a long time. Zeroa understood the universal language and she learned how to write using it not too long ago as well. It was quite easy for her to use her mystical flame to write into the air. After all, she couldn't talk.
Zeroa could only communicate with Michael properly, which was also owed to the taming bond that created a connection between them. The bond made it much easier for them to communicate via telepathy.
"Maybe, I should teach my subjects Whispering Energy. That would solve many issues," Michael mumbled when he saw how much the Forest Elves struggled to talk to their Elemental Partners. It was a shame, but the nobility and Lesser Elementals couldn't write in the universal language. It was already a wonder that they understood the common universal tongue.
Unfortunately, it would take too long to teach the Elementals the written language, or Whispering Energy. Michael's subordinates would have to deal with the language barrier by using gestures and by hoping that the Elementals could understand fractions of what they said.
That worked out decently fine in the first battles in the Savannah Region, so Michael was not too worried.
"I wish to join the expedition into the Savannah Region as well" A loud, energetic voice rang through the territory center and everyone present turned to the source.
Tiara's eyes widened, but her reaction was still tame compared to some reactions from the Forest Elves, or the few members of the Sacred Knight Temple that had already arrived at the meeting point. They exclaimed loudly and pointed wildly at the person who'd just arrived.
It was the Immortal Knight.
However, he didn't look the same anymore. Siegfried Dracoon succeeded in upgrading his bloodline
The wrinkles in the Immortal Knight's face had disappeared and his gray hair looked plump while his body was full of vigor. The vigor in his eyes was overflowing whereas the heavy two-
handed broadsword was calmly swung over his back. Siegfried Dracoon wore the Heavy Armor Set with which he had first emerged from the Summoning Gate. He wielded the monstrosity of a heavy broadsword as if it was a feather for a moment before he put it back. It nocked onto a small spot on the back of his chestplate, the broadsword's weight spreading evenly across his body.
Siegfried Dracoon's veins bulged and it looked like something was moving within him, however, the Immortal Knight acted like nothing was wrong.
"I presume that the Bloodline Upgrade Token worked," Michael teased, but the Immortal Knight nodded seriously.
"It worked much better than I could have hoped for. My injury is being tended to and I will be back in my prime health within the next couple of hours. In fact, my condition might actually be better than I had been in my prime. I had a condition called astharian canclur, a disease that affected my lung capacity and made breathing painful. Thankfully, it is no more. Upgrading my bloodline removed all injuries and diseases in the blood-rush step," Siegfried explained while grinning from one ear to ear.
"The Bloodline Upgrade is still not done, but I'm certain that I can be a useful asset in the battle against the Council of Xylon. I hope you can permit me to join the battle"
Michael had no reason to reject Immortal Knight's request. Siegfried Dracoon looked 30 years younger than before and his presence was stronger than ever. Even Thaor, and Mekhaz, whose presence was quite powerful, couldn't hold a candle against the Immortal Knight's natural presence.N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.
It was easy to tell that the Immortal Knight's presence had been tempered through constant fighting over a long period of several decades, maybe even centuries. It was only obvious for someone like him to have a terrifying natural presence. But interestingly enough, the Immortal Knight didn't know how to control his natural presence precisely anymore. He had been injured a long time ago, shattering his presence and control of it in the process.
Now that his body's conditions had been tended to, his natural presence had been repaired as well.
"You can join the battle. I'm pretty sure your students would love to be led into battle by someone they know. They've been trained by you and trust you the most. Don't you think it would be nice to lead your students onto the battlefield" Michael asked, grinning.
The Immortal Knight looked 30 years younger than before and it was only a matter of time before he would look like an ordinary middle-aged guy. He was currently only a Tier-2 Summon, but Michael was not worried. With an experienced strategist like the Immortal Knight, Michael wouldn't have to be concerned about his people.
Even Tiara and the other Awakened should be more secure with the Immortal Knight by their side. His understanding of war and his expansive knowledge were incredibly valuable, after all.
"As you command," Siegfried responded formally.
He didn't answer Michael's question directly, but the excitement in his eyes was enough to understand the situation.
Michael used Whispering Energy to send Zeroa a message and it didn't take long before three Lesser Elementals appeared in front of the Immortal Knight. They wished to become Siegfried's partner for the duration of the expedition and hoped that he would accept them.
Since the Noble Elementals and Zeroa had already found a temporary partner, it seemed better to have others partner with the Immortal Knight. However, Michael didn't expect the Immortal Knight to be able to handle partnering with three Lesser Elementals. They weren't even of the same elemental nature.
One of the Lesser Elementals was an Earth Elemental, the other was a Wind Elemental, and the last was a Fire Elemental. Their combined prowess was great, but utilizing their power in an efficient manner would be quite difficult, simultaneously at that. The language barrier didn't make the situation easier, either.
Discussing the next steps of the Savannah expedition, Michael and the Immortal Knight decided to separate their movements into necessary steps and miscellaneous steps. The necessary steps involved everything they had to do to ensure the Trilance's survival. The Trilance's survival was their highest priority, if one excluded that Michael considered his peoples' lives more valuable.
He offered to help the Trilance but that didn't mean he would sacrifice his people suicidally if he and his people deemed the Regional War lost. They would retreat and solve the future troubles on their own.
Putting aside the necessary steps, the miscellaneous steps were just about everything the Savannah Expedition could do to push the Council of Xylon back to reclaim the Trilance's land. The most important, however, was to eliminate as many Awakened as possible. He wished to advance Extraction as soon as possible.
The discussion with the Immortal Knight didn't last long. It ended once the last participants of the Savannah Expedition arrived at the province center. A few minutes later, the Savannah Expedition left with Tiara, Immortal Knight, Lilica and Mekhaz walking ahead.
The territory center looked empty without the 1,800 people, who decided to join the Savannah Expedition. But that feeling lasted merely for a minute because the citizens who'd been making space for the Holy Knights and Awakened returned to the plaza to do their job.
Michael looked around and smiled lightly. His subjects were not the only ones with things to do. He should be busy dealing with the to-do list as well.
It was about time that he installed the Legendary Artifact, Domain of Natura. He obtained it not too long ago from Kraft Viton, who gave him a guide along with it. Michael skimmed through the guide and retrieved the Domain of Natura.
The Domain of Natura looked like a thick wooden staff used by a Botanica Magician. The staff was dark-brown with moss covering one side of the Artifact. Intricate verdant runic patterns spread across the entire Legendary Artifact. They glimmered faintly when Michael channeled a trace of energy into the Artifact.
He felt a rush of lifeforce flushing through his body and grinned. There was no need to think about the perfect spot to install the Domain of Natura. He was already sure where he should install the Legendary Artifact. It was obvious.
He reached the Nature Spirit's main body in no time. The Forest Pixies greeted him heartily, swirling around him with joy. He smiled and held out the Domain of Natura.
"I figured that you could make use of this. Maybe, you want to merge this Artifact with your body, or you might install it elsewhere, but I think you know how to utilize the Domain of Natura most efficiently."
 Roots of the Nature Spirit's main body shot out of the ground the moment Michael's words resounded through the vicinity. The roots coiled around the wooden staff before they retracted.
The Domain of Natura's presence disappeared in the next instance. All He could tell was that the Domain of Natura vanished and that the Nature Spirit's Loyalty Connection stirred violently.
The 4-Star Nature Spirit began to digest the Domain of Natura. It was about to receive promotion of evolving into a 5-Star Greater Spirit in the following days..
nbsp


Chapter-563-Big-Tree


63 Big Tree
"The Nature Spirit evolve That isunexpected," Michael mumbled, his eyes glued on the Nature Spirit's main body.
The Nature Spirit was growing, its roots sinking deeper into the ground and further through the surroundings where it connected with the other trees and plants. A root network between the towering trees and the Nature Spirit was formed as a tremendous amount of lifeforce and energy flowed through its trunk, roots, and branches.
Every inch of the Nature Spirit was flooded, stimulating the promotion and evolution into a Greater Nature Spirit.
The Nature Spirit's trunk enlarged, its bark grew more resilient and its branches spread in all directions. In a matter of minutes, the Nature Spirit's main body grew three meters taller, but that was only the beginning.
Michael could clearly feel tremendous power surging through the Nature Spirit's Link of Loyalty. The Nature Spirit hadn't been at the 2nd Tier for long, but the surge of power was as clear as the difference between day and night.
It advanced to Late Tier-2, and broke straight to the Peak of the 2nd Tier in one go. But the Nature Spirit's advancement was not yet over. It approached Tier-3 incredibly fast. In less than half an hour, the Nature Spirit reached the wall that every being had to overcome to advance to the next Tier.
 The Nature Spirit's advancement slowed down considerably, but Michael could tell that the Nature Spirit was far from done.
He retreated a little bit and sat down on the ground. He retrieved the Memory Orbs of the Awakened he had extracted earlier and began to consume them one by one.
Michael was certain that the memories of the Awakened weren't as useful as the memories of Tier-5 Lords, or the Tekur, but he was certain to gain a lot, nonetheless. The Awakened's combat experiences, their memories along with understanding of their Martial Arts and other techniques were enough reason to consume the 1349 Memory Orbs he'd extracted. He wouldn't spare even a single Memory Orb.
He glanced at the transforming Nature Spirit, smiled, and consumed the first Memory Orb.
But instead of consuming the Memory Orbs like usual, Michael made a decisive change. He used Extraction on the memories that entered his mind even before digesting them. Using Extracting on the Memory flood was like splitting the sea. Unnecessary memories such as the family lives and private matters of the Awakened were removed straight away whereas the remaining useful memories entered his mind.
However, that was not where the changes ended. Michael separated the memories into several piles. Knowledge, Combat, Techniques, and Potentially Useful.
The last pile was directly related to information that could be considered private but those memories revealed certain details that may or may not be useful in the near future.
He took his time separating the memories within the Memory Orbs before he began digesting them. There was no need to rush and it was certainly better to be meticulous. The Awakened of the Council of Xylon ought to have some useful information, after all.
Michael spent the following 48 hours digesting 1349 Memory Orbs. He didn't take a single break, allowing him to improve his weapon mastery of dozens of weapons, learn close to a hundred new techniques from the memories of his enemies, and study the martial power and military might of the Council of Xylon in detail.
Two days passed incredibly fast while he was busy. Michael barely completed digesting the last Memory Orb before he received a message from the Immortal Knight.
"I apologize for interrupting your work, my Lord, but I would like to report the situation in the Savannah Region." Siegfried Dracoon spoke through the communication crystal.
Michael straightened his back and got up from the ground. He felt a little groggy and stiff but circulating origin energy through his body while stretching worked wonders.
"None of the Links of Loyalty broke. That means you guys haven't battled yet," Michael noted, his thoughts merging with the memories he'd digested over the last two days, "The factions of the Council of Xylon are probably in an internal conflict right now. Our timely arrival in the Savannah Region must have surprised them. They're probably more careful now that the Savannah Expedition is more than a dozen times larger than before."
Michael and his subjects had been a small force of roughly 100 people earlier, but the number increased to 1,800 all of a sudden. If their force with 100 members had already been enough to force the Council of Xylon to change their tactic, how terrified must they be now that the reinforcement increased to 1,800
"We're considering attacking one of the Council's larger settlements. It's currently under construction and will complete in a few weeks at the earliest. The biggest problem about the settlement is that it's near the border and close to two main settlements. The Zaynur and Laprix's Summoning Gates and wooden manors are in the main settlements."
Michael halted in his tracks and stared at the communication crystal.vlRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on vln.
"The Council is preparing for a large-scale attack to eliminate one of the Trilance's Lords That's bad."
Even though the Council of Xylon didn't have the means to eliminate the Trilance's Lords straightaway, they could cut the Lords' powers by destroying their Summoning Gates and wooden manors. The Lords would lose their power and all Links of Loyalty would be terminated. That was bad and quite the blow.
"We don't know which main settlement they plan to attack. Furthermore, the army stationed in the large settlement is rather small. There are only 100,000 soldiers for the time being. We think that they're planning to expand the army to 500,000 before they bulldoze one of the main settlements."
Relocating the Summoning Gates and wooden manors was possible, but it would attract too much unwanted attention. It was not exactly the best solution to openly transport your most valuable asset right in front of your enemy's eyes.
"Can you handle it, or do you need me over there" Michael asked, ready to leave at once.
"I don't think that your help is needed. The Valyr Lordess received some support from her Clan. Apparently, she is the daughter of some noble household who granted her temporary control of a Super Elite Combat Unit. Since the Valyr Lordess cannot establish Links of Loyalty with Higher Lifeforms yet, she could only bring 50 Peak Tier-3 Awakened from her home planet using Teleportation Tokens, but their combat prowess is great. Each of the Super Elite Valyr is on par with Tiara in terms of raw power and talent, but they're far more experienced."
Michael raised an eyebrow.
"The Laprix Lord and the Zynur Lord have also requested aid from their people. They might owe the higher-ups something in return, but they should receive some aid given that the Savannah Region has some rare mineral deposits and interesting regions adjacent to them."
Michael thought about it for a moment and nodded to himself.
"I trust you. You know what you're doing. Butplease don't hesitate to request my help. I can call Icarus and pump some layers of Enhancement into him to give you a helping hand in no time" He said before Siegfried Dracoon began to share some detailed pieces of information related to the other issues in the Savannah Region.
Michael listened intently and shared even more detailed pieces of intelligence about the things he'd learned. He told Siegfried about the weaknesses of the 109 territories, their scuffles, what their strengths were and how their soldiers and Awakened were trained and treated.
The intelligence was very useful for the Immortal Knight. He learned a lot about the happenings in the 109 territories that crafted up the Council of Xylon, how the Council's settlements were structured and the might of their defensive devices.
Siegfried was quite confident in defeating his enemies. A single settlement didn't pose a big threat even if their numbers reached 100,000. If everyone was at the same rank it could have been a problem, but the numerical advantage of the 100,000 Soldiers didn't hold a candle to the Super Elite force of the Valyr Lordess, let alone Michael's Elite Force.
The communication crystal dimmed once their summon ended, and Michael sighed deeply. He felt like rushing over to the Savannah Region, but he understood that it wouldn't help anyone if he joined the upcoming battle. Maybe, he could rescue a few poor souls that would be crushed otherwise, but all he taught them by joining every battle wasdependence.
They would never stop depending on him and his power, and they would learn to hate him once he stopped joining the battles. They would blame him, just like some citizens did before if they failed.
"I should trust the Immortal Knight. Siegfried can do it"
Michael turned around and was about to leave when his eyes locked onto the Nature Spirit. No. It was not an ordinary Nature Spirit anymore. It had evolved into a Greater Nature Spirit, a 5-
Star Summon.
The Greater Nature Spirit's trunk was humongous, and its treetop towered above the other gigantic trees. The small Nature Spirit that had been smaller than the other trees around it now stood like a giant among the once tall trees. They looked like tiny saplings compared to the Greater Nature Spirit's might, presence, and size.
However, there was something particular about the Greater Nature Spirit that attracted Michael's attention. It attained a Domain. No. It devoured the domain of the Legendary Artifact and crafted the Domain of Natura a part of the Greater Nature Spirit's being.
"Well. That isinteresting." Michael mumbled, his eyes still locked onto the Greater Nature Spirit.
"Morning, Big Tree."
nbsp


Chapter-564-Map


64 Map
The Greater Nature Spirit reached Mid Tier-3 after merging with the Legendary Artifact, Domain of Natura. It was a great surprise, especially after Michael found out that the Greater Nature Spirit integrated the Legendary Artifact's domain into one of its main abilities.
The domain's range and full effect was applicable all over the Michael's territory and extended even further, nourishing the Untamed Jungle's soil, flora, and fauna. The origin energy in the surroundings was pulled to the Greater Nature Spirit, creating a highly densified energy zone around the Greater Nature Spirit.
The energy zone was energy-dense and would allow Tierless Summons to advance to Tier-1 in no time as long as their talent and understanding of their energy absorption technique was high enough.
"I guess High Beasts will be even more interested in my territory now that the Nature Spirit evolved. The Domain of Natura is amazing," Michael mumbled to himself while giving his utmost to ignore the clingy Forest Pixies and their lethal cuddle attacks.
He could only shake his head and smile lightly.
The Greater Nature Spirit's branches rustled and it was not long after that a flood of emotions and images flashed through Michael's mind. The Greater Nature Spirit was trying to communicate with Michael.
"You're trying to talk to me" Michael asked, only to sense more emotions and images reach him through his Link of Loyalty with the Greater Nature Spirit.
"You are talking to me. Okay. But why are you showing me pictures of monsters Wait. I know this place I remember this monster habitat near the cavern system"
Hundreds of images of monster habitats reached Michael. Most of them were already known and reported, but he didn't recall seeing some habitats in the reports, yet the Greater Nature Spirit was aware of them.
"You can sense the presence of all monsters within your domain's range. Is that it" Michael scratched his chin. He could instinctively tell that the answer was a solid yes, but he had to ask, nonetheless.
Therefore, without thinking much about what he should do now, Michael retrieved the Sacred Charm of Detection and the Pillar of Territorial Awareness.
"If I place the Pillar of Territorial Awareness nearby, do you think you can connect to it and keep it updated"
A flood of emotions, indicating an affirmation, reached him a moment later.
Michael broke into a smile, "Great"
Being able to live-update the Pillar of Territorial Awareness' map would be a great advantage against all spies and unwelcome intruders. They would appear on the Pillar's map the moment they entered the Greater Nature Spirit's domain and could be exterminated on the spot.
Michael didn't waste anymore time and installed the Pillar of Territorial Awareness. He spent a while installing the Pillar near the Greater Nature Spirit but far enough to give the humongous tree enough space to grow even larger. Then he stepped back to take a good look at the Pillar of Territorial Awareness.
The pillar looked quite simple. It was a seven-meter-tall marbled pillar with countless miniature runic engravings weaved together. They looked like intricate carvings on the pillar's surface that could be mistaken for decoration. However, once energy was channeled into the Pillar of Territorial Awareness, the intertwined miniature runic engravings began to glow. They projected a humongous screen, which looked like a giant parchment, in front of Michael.
The screen covered the pillar's entire height, yet nothing could be seen on the screen. It was just a huge parchment. That was until the Greater Nature Spirit's root burst out of the ground right next to the pillar. The roots coiled around the marbled pillar and intertwined, supplying the Pillar of Territorial Awareness with energy and a connection to the Greater Nature Spirit's entire domain.
The parchment underwent an update as a map of the Untamed Jungle's southern outer rings and the middle area formed slowly. Michael's territory was tagged and so were all potential threats and predators in the Greater Nature Spirit's range. Various dots on the map attracted his attention. Green dots were docile monsters and Michael's subjects. Yellow dots were potential threats, whereas red dots were confirmed threats.
Other than these three types, Michael found one indigo dot and a few black spots. The black spots meant that the Greater Nature Spirit was not sure where to put them, but that they were strong enough to threaten Michael's subordinates if they wanted to. On the other hand, the indigo dot was related to the unknown being underneath the Elementals Society. The Greater Nature Spirit marked it indigo because it could sense that the unknown being was terrifyingly powerful.
The Greater Nature Spirit had only sensed its existence once, but that was more than enough to tell that it was an indigo threat.
Maybe, there were more colors to tag an enemy or a friend, however, Michael was already quite satisfied with the information he received through the Pillar of Territorial Awareness. It was already a lot more than most Lords could get their hands on. Michael could be proud of his territory's development.
But that was just the beginning.
lightsnvl Now that the Pillar of Territorial Awareness had been added and the Greater Nature Spirit connected to it, Michael could add the Sacred Charm of Detection. The name implied the charm's effect. It was a high-ranked charm that detected the surrounding flora and fauna.
The Sacred Charm of Detection had multiple stages that could be activated as long as specific conditions were met. Unfortunately, Michael didn't meet the requirements to trigger the fourth and fifth stages because he was missing some things, but he had enough energy and monster cores to channel and maintain the 3rd stage. That was exactly what Michael did upon attaching the Sacred Charm of Detection to the Pillar of Territorial Awareness.
The map was updated once again, and more information and marks appeared all over the known areas of the Untamed Jungle.
Now that the map was updated once again, it was time for everyone to add information. Touching the Pillar of Territorial Awareness and accepting the threads of energy that desired to rummage their memories was all they had to perform to share their memories of the surrounding regions with the Pillar of Territorial Awareness.
Unfortunately, the map of the pillar wouldn't update if the regions from the Awakened's memories weren't directly connected. That meant Michael couldn't add the Ice Mountains to the map if he didn't add the Zentika Empire beforehand.
But that was hardly a problem. Michael could use the memories of the Kitsun Lord, and thousands of other Awakened to update the map rapidly. The memories of the Lionheart people and other Awakened from the Zentika Empire were also extremely helpful. Their memories resulted in providing a major update to the Pillar of Territorial Awareness.
The Zentika Empire was shown entirely on the map, though the information on the map was not live-updated. The most recent update he could provide about the Zentika Empire was from the Awakened he'd killed at the end of the Jungle Expedition. That had been quite a while ago.
At least, the Savannah Region was mostly up-to-date. The information he channeled into the Pillar of Territorial Awareness was fairly new, after all.
"That's amazing. The map is so detailed," A voice from behind startled Michael.
He turned around to see Rebecca Zauber staring at the Pillar Map. Her gaze traveled to the ginormous main body of the Greater Nature Spirit, her eyes quivering in excitement.
"What are you doing here I thought you were busy studying the Soul Techniques that I've manufactured," he smiled lightly at the young Descendant.This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.
"I finished that a few days ago already. I came looking for you and I noticed that you were busy with this huge Nature Spirit. I saw you sitting in front of it and thought that you were busy refining your War Rune, or practicing your mind refinement technique," Rebecca shrugged lightly.
"I didn't want to bother you, so I came to check on you every now and then."
Michael gave Rebecca a curt nod. He patted the Pillar of Territorial Awareness lightly before he walked up to Rebecca Zauber.
"You're still interested in Soul Techniques, right"
Rebecca's eyes shimmered brightly, "Of course"
"In that case, you can take these Memory Crystals. They contain all the information I have about Soul Techniques and my creations. Since you signed an NDA forbidding you to tell anyone about the things you learn from me, there is no need for me to hide my knowledge of Soul Techniques from you," he retrieved a few Memory Crystals and handed them to the young Descendant.
Rebecca Zauber was extremely intrigued about Soul Techniques. Therefore, Michael hoped that she would start experimenting with Soul Techniques soon. If Rebecca turned into a Soul Technique Creator, Michael wouldn't have to invest much time doing the same. He could focus on creating his own Soul Techniques and customized Soul Techniques. Meanwhile, Rebecca would focus on the creation of Neutral Common Class Soul Techniques for all types of Soultraits and specifications.
That sounded the most feasible to Michael. In exchange for knowledge, nobody else in the Trilance Alliance could procure much without betraying humanity while Rebecca would create all kinds of Soul Techniques, earning him a fortune in return.
"You are really going to give them to mejust like that" Rebecca's eyes widened, but her hands lunged forward to take the Memory Crystals before he could change his mind.
"By the way, did you hear the news about the Sacred Desert" Rebecca asked, trying her best to silently stash the Memory Crystals away while changing the topic.
The Sacred Desert was one of Michael's sore spots. His brother died in a hidden region within the Sacred Desert. It was not nice to be reminded about something like that. However, since it might be possible to resurrect his brother, it didn't hurt him that much anymore.
"What happened in the Sacred Desert Did the Undead problem worsen"
"Worsen Well..you could say that. It's just a little bit more disastrous than that," Rebecca shifted her weight from one leg to the other, clearly feeling a bit uncomfortable. She felt like she shouldn't have mentioned the Sacred Desert just to distract Michael.
"It's a nightmare"
nbsp


Chapter-565-Undead-Issues-in-the-Sacred-Desert


65 Undead Issues in the Sacred Desert
The Undead in the Sacred Desert slowly but surely overwhelmed the rest of the Sacred Desert. Hundreds of Lords' territories had already been bulldozed, the hard work worth years, if not decades of their lives destroyed within weeks.
However, the threat of the Undead forces didn't lessen. The Undead forces were strengthened instead. Most higher-ups believed that a Greater Lich was the core issue. He controlled the Souls of the deceased and forced them into submission before putting them back into the bodies of the deceased, resurrecting them as Undead without emotions, or control over their bodies.
It was rather easy to tell that some sort of being with profound necromancy mastery was at work, but nobody found the Greater Lich, or whatever being it was that resurrected the dead.
The only advantage was that only a few Summons and Awakened could be resurrected as Undead. Even better was that their combat prowess was nowhere near their peak.
But despite that advantage, no one had been able to overwhelm the Undead forces until now. That was due to a particular factor- The Sacred Desert was a region with few Higher Lifeforms. In a way, the Sacred Desert was similar to the Savannah Region. The regions were not energy-dense, which signaled that the Regions were either not that old yet, therefore, sealing the Sacred Desert for most races, or that something drained the energy within the regions.
Most Human Lords from the Sacred Desert region were pretty young. There were only a handful of Lords from the Sacred Desert at or above the age of 30. The oldest Lord from the Sacred Desert Region was 32-years-old, and it was said that he unlocked the Sacred Desert for mankind.vlRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on vln.
Michael presumed that it would be the same with the Untamed Jungle, the Zentika Empire, and the Savannah Region once he spread out his wings. More Regions would be unlocked for Human Lords to settle as long as a Pioneer unsealed the region for their race.
The Sacred Desert was just like that. However, they had a similar issue as the Savannah Region. The competition was too fierce. Most Lords were killed before they could advance to becoming Higher Lifeforms. Ascending to a Higher Lifeform indicated that your chances of survival such as the Sacred Desert and the Savannah Region were pretty high. To kill a Higher Lifeform, one would have to sacrifice a lot. It was not worth the effort for most Peak Tier-3 Lords. They would suffer more by getting rid of the Higher Lifeform.
Michael didn't agree with that kind of mindset, and it looked like the Greater Lich was like Michael in that aspect. He and his Undead forces didn't care about their enemies. All they cared about was the conquest and to get rid of all life in the lands they'd claimed.
"Keep me updated with the war in the Sacred Desert," Michael narrowed his eyes. He heard that someone from the Sacred Desert betrayed his brother and he knew that he had to talk to the Zan brothers and their father to find out more about Danny's death. However, something about the Undead forces irked him. He couldn't be certain, but he had a nagging feeling that the Undead forces were somehow involved in his brother's death as well.
Michael understood that he might be reading too much into the Will of the Origin Expanse's actions, but the Miniature Coffin Keychain looked a little bit like a sarcophagus. Now that he knew that Danny's soul was preserved in the keychain, Michael found himself inspecting it more often, and he recalled some comments his brother had dropped earlier as well.
"Primedival Pyramid. Sarcophagus. Undead," He mumbled to himself, but Rebecca glanced over to Michael, "Did you say something"
Michael flinched. He didn't know that Rebecca was still there. He was certain that he heard her leave after he had asked her to keep him updated. But she had yet to return to her little hole to inspect the memories stored in the Memory Crystals and was staring at him while he was busy thinking about his deceased brother.
"Can you also look into some reports about the Sacred Desert Preferable information about ancient ruins from the primal rulers of the Sacred Desert There should have been some Pyramids and other ruins deep inside the hidden regions of the Sacred Desert."
"I can do that," Rebecca nodded. With Greater Analysis and her Inheritance Technique, Perfect Appraisal, it should hardly take an hour to procure the information Michael was looking for.
"Thanks," Michael smiled, trying to hide the hint of sadness and frustration in his voice.
Even if he could possibly resurrect his brother, it was not like the pain in his heart disappeared just like that.
"My Lord" A young man rushed up to Michael and Rebecca. He was covered in sweat and his clothes were stained with various potion liquid mixtures, "We finished the teleportation array"
Rebecca exclaimed lightly in response, but Michael merely nodded, "All we need is a proper anchor and we can teleport roughly 2500 kilometers in an instant."
"2500 kilometers Is that all" Rebecca's excitement died down in an instant, but Michael merely chuckled.
"This is a short-distance teleportation array. I'm not the head of a noble household who has stockpiled rare and exotic blueprints in my treasury, you know"
Rebecca blushed at Michael's response. Most Descendants didn't have to worry about collecting a wide variety of blueprints. The rarest and most extraordinary blueprints in their family treasury were loaned to them to create large-scale teleportation arrays and various other unique structures, and returned to the treasury once the constructions had been completed.
Michael couldn't do that.
Well. He could ask other households for their extraordinary blueprints, but no family would hand over their most valuable assets to him just like that. Certain blueprints and structures were the reason some families reached their current status. The blueprints were even more valuable than their Inheritance Techniques and Legacy Arts.
"2,500 kilometers is already a good distance. It will help us travel through the Untamed Jungle once we start expanding our territory and it will be easier to connect the settlements via teleportation arrays as well. The energy density within the Untamed Jungle can maintain the constant drainage of the teleportation arrays easily." Michael shrugged and Rebecca Zauber nodded.
"That's a good idea. If you want, I can analyze the energy efficiency of the teleportation arrays. Maybe, I can find some flaws and upgrade the energy efficiency. That way you will have to worry less about the energy consumption when you activate the teleportation array."
Rebecca's offer sounded nice, but Michael was pretty sure that he wouldn't have to use the teleportation array anytime soon. It was just good to have an array ready for the time he would actually need it. Constructing a single teleportation array was rather time-consuming, after all
Michael was about to say something but Rebecca jumped around like an excited squirrel. He shut his mouth and allowed her to follow the young man who led the young Descendant back to the teleportation array.
"Whatever Improving the teleportation array is not a bad idea," Michael chuckled.
Now that he was alone again, it was finally time to sort out the techniques he'd obtained. This included Breathing Techniques, Core Techniques, Soul Refinement Techniques, Body Refinement techniques, and Mind Refinement techniques.
He was already using pretty good techniques, but it wouldn't harm him to further improve the techniques at his disposal. It was important to stay up-to-date especially when he had better techniques stored in the War Rune's spatial storage.
However, before Michael could start retrieving all the techniques he'd procured over the last few weeks, his thoughts went astray. He couldn't focus on the techniques because something else was bothering him.
He was thinking about his brother since Rebecca mentioned the Sacred Desert. While thinking about ways to rescue Danny, Michael's mind drifted off toward his mother. Michael understood that he had to do something else before he could focus on the massive number of techniques he'd procured.
Michael returned from the Origin Expanse but instead of meeting his mother right away, he searched for Kraft Viton first.
He knew that he was avoiding the inevitable but that didn't mean he couldn't try.
Kraft Viton lifted an eyebrow when he noticed Michael standing in front of his office.
"I didn't expect to see you today, or anytime soon. I was pretty certain you wouldn't leave the Origin Expanse until we arrived at the academy," Kraft Viton smiled encouragingly at his youthful student. He could sympathize with Michael. His life was far from simple.
"I didn't really want to return, but I cannot avoid it forever. Avoiding the problem means that I stay in my comfort zone
and staying there shall lead to stagnation. I cannot afford stagnation. The price for being weak is too heavy for me to pay."
"If that's what you think."
Kraft Viton gestured to a chair but Michael shook his head. He knew that he would stay too long with Kraft Viton once he sat down.
Instead of sitting down and finding comfort in talking to Kraft Viton, Michael retrieved the goods he wanted to sell. Most of them were spoils of war and the goods he'd extracted. This included a massive stash of blueprints and Artifacts.
Michael also had a batch of 8 Tier-5 Artifacts, and some treasures of the 3 Tier-5 Lords, whom he had punished, to sell.
"Can you convert everything into Inferior Energy Stones and Intermediate Nutrient Pills"
"Of course. That won't be an issue. Since you'll need many Intermediate Nutrient Pills to upgrade your physique, now that your natural constitution is loads higher than before, I will give you more Intermediate Nutrient Pills. You should have more than enough Inferior Energy Stones for the time being. Or do you want more Energy Stones" He inquired calmly.
Michael clicked his tongue reproachfully. Sometimes, he felt like Kraft Viton was too smart for his own good. But that was his charm.
"I assume that you don't want to start your training session with me just yet. Just tell me when you are ready. I'm rather busy because of you, but I can spare more than enough time as long as I say that it's for your training," Kraft Viton smiled slyly. He gave Michael a crafty wink as well.
 However, Michael could only nod. Before he could commence his training with Kraft Viton he had to face a loads stronger enemy.
He had to talk to his mother
uthor Note I understand that some people might complain about the following chapters, but stay with me. More action - blood, sweat, and body parts - shall appear shortly What do you think will happen between Michael and his mother How will the Fang family's drama unfold What else will happen Share your opinion about the Fang family and everything else. Feel free to give me suggestions and your ideas haha~
nbsp


Chapter-566-Family-Talk-I


 

 66 Family Talk I 
 Michael recalled what Alice told him when he objected to meeting his mother before, and he agreed with her point of view. He had to talk to his mother. 
 Even if it was just once, Michael would have to confront his mother. It was necessary to find out what he could do to rescue his brother, and how dangerous it could be. Last but not least, Michael had many questions that had to be answered. Not only about his brother's rescue, but related to their past. 
 "Hesta is alive, and you and father have been with her for a while now, right" Michael asked the moment he barged into his mother's cabin. He tried to stay calm but seeing his mother turned this simple task into mission impossible. 
 He controlled his erratic breathing and circulated origin energy through his body to keep his calm. 
 "Huh Michael W-What are you doing here" His mother turned to him, startled, "I didn't expect you to come and find me so soon." 
 Evalynn stared at her son, his vibrant golden eyes glaring back at her. 
 She hesitated. Her lips felt incredibly dry all of a sudden and no word escaped her lips until it was clear that Michael was not going to answer her question first. 
 "You. You asked about Hesta She is alive. We managed to find and stabilize her after she went off the grid. She is not currently with us though. She left the Nest." 
 "The Nest I don't know what that means," Michael shrugged, "Either way. Why is it necessary to initiate the reincarnation ritual for my brother I can roughly understand that the family's curse is going to feast on his living soul within the next year. I sensed something similar when I used my Soultrait to look into the coffin." 
 He pointed at the Miniature Coffin Keychain as he recalled the chaotic mass of Danny's Living Soul that was preserved inside. 
 His mother glanced sadly at the Miniature Coffin Keychain, "Usually it's not necessary for us to do something like that for individuals who haven't even ascended to a Higher Lifeform, but since his soul did not enter the Cycle on its own, we have to help him. It's a good thing that the curse weighing down on Daniel is rather weak. That is probably also why his Living Soul could survive this long without sustaining any permanent damage." 
 Evalynn nibbled on her lower lip after she finished her last sentence. Her eyes appraised Michael's reaction over and over again, trying to get a good look at her estranged son. 
 "How have you been" She asked, at last. 
 Michael raised an eyebrow, but all he could do was sigh deeply. 
 "It's a bit too late to ask that. I came here for answers, and I will decide what to do after I hear the truth," Michael's voice grew cold, "If I sense that you lied to me, I will never talk to you again after today." 
 Evalynn's lips parted but she shut her mouth and pressed her lips together in a thin line before a sound could escape. She always knew that it wasn't going to be easy. The moment she left Michael and Danny in the Golden Sun Province to fend for themselves, Evalynn knew that reuniting with them would be a challenge. Despite that, she and her husband accepted the challenge. They left their lads to figure out life and grow into adults without the love and care of parents. 
 So it was no surprise that they grew up loathing their family. Evalynn could see that clearly. 
 "What is the Hellbound Cataclysm You mentioned that if you cannot perform the reincarnation ritual to 'rescue' Danny, his soul will be devoured by the curse and it will evolve into the Hellbound Cataclysm. So what exactly is that" 
 A single tear trickled down his mother's cheek, but Michael remained calm. As calm as possible, that is. 
 "After we heard that your brotherdied we sensed that something was wrong, but we were busy at that time and it took us a while to reach you from our location. I think you remember that we messaged you about resurrecting Danny, right We wanted to summon your brother in the Origin Expanse by giving up some of our achievements and treasures to nurture his soul and transfer it to another vessel later," Another tear trickled down her face. 
 "Unfortunatelythat didn't work out well. I don't know how you did it, but you succeeded to summon Danny. You spent several months close to him, allowing the presence of your Curse to stimulate and ignite the remnants of our family's curse within your brother. I didn't know about that before because we haven't received a report about a new high-ranked Curse User, but your curse is extremely powerful. You have far more Cursed Seals within you than most Cursed Children I have met. That is extraordinarybut also dangerous." 
 The information Michael received from his mother was helpful, but she was taking her time to answer his question. He wanted to know about the Hellbound Cataclysm. However, he listened to her nonetheless. The details he got to know today should help him at some point in time. 
 "Under normal circumstances, a Hellbound Cataclysm cannot happen even if a curse devours the soul of its deceased owner. However, because Daniel was stuck in a limbo between death and life for too long as a Summon, right next to someone like you at that, the remnants of his curse must have been reformed and reconstructed. The weak Curse that didn't even possess a single Cursed Seal mutated and began to devour your brother. The only reason he is fine is because of this weird keychain. It restrains the curse's effect temporarily and preserves your brother's soul." 
 "That's our great fortune because a Hellbound Cataclysm is a terrific threat that can manage to destroy entire stellar systems if left unattended. Once unleashed, it will tear apart the fabric of space and time, creating links to other dimensions where horrifying beings reside. The dangers of the Origin Expanse are nothing compared to the Cataclysmic Portals" 
 There were still many things Michael didn't understand but he made a bunch of mental notes while conversing with his mother. It was essential to research some terms and verify a handful of information, but Michael could roughly understand what happened and why 'the Nest', or whatever organization, wanted Danny's Living Soul. 
 To prevent a threat strong enough to destroy entire stellar systems, they had to cleanse Danny's Living Soul and put him back into the Cycle. vlRapture marked the initial hosting of this chapter on vln.
 "So, they sent you to discover his Living Soul Why" 
 If Danny's Living Soul was truly this dangerous, why would they send his mother She might be a powerful being at the Peak of Tier-6, but the universe was vast and his mother didn't even know until a few days ago that her younger son had her oldest son's Living Soul. She didn't recognize him, after all. 
 "Danny's Curse is the most attuned to my Soul as his mother and the Curse User who had been with him the longest. That's how I managed to keep track of his Living Soul's coordinates," Evalynn explained, before she weakly added, "The Navi-Curse Compass can only detect Cursed Souls without a vessel." 
 'Does that mean my Soul is the most attuned to my mother as well What does that even mean' 
 "Your Curse is different. I don't know what happened, but you must have had some encounters with Cursed Children, Chaos Beasts, or something like that. Or maybe your Soultrait is highly compatible with your Curse, thus unlocking three Cursed Seals long before your vessel was ready for it." 
 Michael realized that his mother didn't know that he possessed several Soultraits as he listened to her come up with possible explanations. But thinking about it, Michael figured that it didn't matter. 
 'Many said that Extraction is an ancient power. It has probably fused with my Curse or altered it in some way. Is that it I could use the three unsealed Cursed Seals to awaken True Extraction.' 
 He had a few encounters with beings who recognized him as a Cursed Child. Michael presumed that Cursed Children were the offspring of a powerful Curse User. That would make sense. 
 One way or another, Michael didn't want to listen to his mother for long. He still had many queries abandoned to ask, but there was one particular question that was the most important for Danny's rescue. 
 "Does that mean that I can treat Danny's Living Soul like a normal Living Soul, or do I have to be more careful because his Living Soul is a Cursed Soul with the characteristics of a Living Soul" 
 That was actually a crucial point. If he couldn't prevent the Hellbound Cataclysm by transferring Danny's Living Soul into the Soul Grimoire until he found a suitable vessel for his brother, Michael would have to think of another solution. 
 He only had one more year abandoned before the restraints of the Miniature Coffin Keychain would be lifted. By then, his brother's soul would be damaged and devoured at last. The Hellbound Cataclysm couldn't be stopped easily after that, and Danny's Living Soul would be lost for all eternity. 
 Michael didn't want either of that, but that was only obvious. 
 "I told you that you cannot save him anymore. You need to let him go to save the rest of this stellar system. A lesser stellar system such as the solar system won't manage to survive the Hellbound Cataclysm for more than 48 hours. You need to get your act together" Evalynn was on the verge of shouting. 
 However, Michael could only frown deeply. 
 "Can you stop changing the topic, and start answering my queries properly, please"
nbsp


Chapter-567-Family-Talk-II


 
This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.
 67 Family Talk II 
 It took Michael a while to squeeze the answer out of his mother, but he got everything he wanted. 
 His mother reassured him that Danny's soul was probably a Living Soul with an affliction of a weakened Curse. That was the most likely outcome given the current circumstances. 
 However, the weakened Curse was bound to grow stronger in the presence of Michael. He was still a Lesser Lifeform but he had already unsealed three Cursed Seals. That shouldn't have happened, and it made it increasingly more difficult to predict the time his next Cursed Seal would be unsealed. 
 The weakened curse affliction would increase around Cursed Children and Cursed Users with more unsealed Cursed Seals as well, but Daniel and Michael had been really close. Danny's Curse was the most compatible with Michael, therefore accelerating the recuperation process of Danny's weakened curse. 
 It was highly likely that the weakened curse would develop into a Minor Curse until the end of the year. That was also why his mother told him that she would have to bring Danny's Living Soul back to the Nest in ten months. If she didn't return after ten months, more Curse users from the Nest would come to get Danny's Soul. 
 The others wouldn't be as nice as Evalynn. That was something his mother promised him. They would kill him if necessary, or bring him back to the Nest as well. After all, Michael was dangerous to the outside world. 
 Michael ignored the not-so-subtle threat, rolled his eyes, and asked his mother about the techniques required to transfer souls to other vessels. Since his mother had mentioned that earlier, he was pretty sure that she had some useful pieces of information to share. And that was exactly what he obtained useful information. 
 He learned quite a lot from his confrontation with his mother, including that souls with compatible bodies and strong vessels couldn't devour souls. That was also why the constitution of Cursed Children was on the stronger side. Their Body, Mind, and Soul were constantly being tempered from the moment they were born to withstand the power of the Curse. 
 The stronger the curse, the more pressure was put on the body, soul, and mind. That resulted in a higher mortality rate among Cursed Children whose latent potential couldn't keep up with the lethal potency of their Curse. 
 While that meant that Michael was a lot stronger then the majority of Awakened because his body didn't crumble under his Curse's pressure, it also meant that he had to prepare a suitable vessel for Danny. If the vessel was not compatible with Danny's Living Soul, it would crumble the moment the curse finished spreading through the vessel. 
 That made everything a lot more complicated than Michael had hoped for. 
 'Will the Soul Grimoire be enough to solve that issue' 
 According to what Michael could tellyes, the Soul Grimoire could solve most issues. In the worst case, Michael could extract the Minor Curse and insert it into someone else, maybe even himself. That way Danny's affliction would be removed and it wouldn't be too difficult to insert his Living Soul into another vessel. 
 Michael was already afflicted with a powerful curse. Inserting Danny's Minor Curse shouldn't be too much of an issue. Even if it would turn into a problem, Michael was certain that he could live with it. Michael would be fine as long as he could save his brother 
 BUT to extract the Minor Curse without harming Danny's Living Soul permanently, he would have to strengthen his own soul first. The problem with that, however, was that he couldn't even touch Danny's Soul without potentially harming it. He could use Extraction on Danny to touch his Soul once he applied 10 layers of Enhancement onto the Extraction Soultrait Symbol, but that posed some level of risk as well. 
 That meant, Michael would have to upgrade Extraction to 7- 
 Star and test out afterward if he could extract the Living Soul in one swoop to put it into Soul Grimoire. Of course, he would do that after upgrading the Soul Grimoire as well and potentially strengthen it further. 
 'But what about the Soul Tear Can they be used as well If I use them on Extraction while it's amplified with 10 layers of Enhancement, I should be able to do something, right' 
 The Soul Tears could strengthen Souls as well. It was merely a temporary reinforcement but it might be useful in some way, probably. If he used it on Danny's Soul, Enhancement, and Extraction, he should be able to inspect Danny's Soul much better. 
 Fortunately, Soul Grimoire and Extraction were not his only Soultraits. 
 'If Extraction and Soul Grimoire don't workwhat about Insert Can I insert Soul Tears into the Living Soul What about SoulStar Fragments I can strengthen Soultraits, Aethyr, and the Sphere of Light with SoulStar Fragments. I can form completely new Soultrait Symbols with SoulStar Fragments as well.' 
 SoulStar Fragments were similar to Soul Power, but it was not the same. It was more like Soul Essences that had been extracted. It was not artificial like Soul Power felt sometimes, but it was more natural. 
 It was worth a try. He ignored his mother for the time being and focused on the Miniature Coffin Keychain. 
 He retrieved one SoulStar Fragment from his War Rune and summoned the Soul Grimoire simultaneously. A Soul Tear manifested above the Soul Grimoire at Michael's command in the next instance. 
 His mother stared at Michael, confusion and curiosity glimmering in her eyes. Her eyes weren't watery anymore. She had to acknowledge that nothing would be the same as it had been a decade ago between her family. That was to be expected. 
 She watched with great curiosity as Michael pushed the indigo droplet of water against the Miniature Coffin Keychain. However, instead of splattering on the keychain's surface, the liquid droplet vanished inside it. 
 Michael had used Insert to integrate one Soul Tear into Danny's Living Soul to temporarily strengthen it. A moment later, Michael used Insert once again. This time, however, he used Insert on the SoulStar Fragment before pressing it against the Miniature Coffin Keychain, hoping that the SoulStar Fragment would be inserted into Danny's Living Soul. 
 Michael couldn't detect any difference in the keychain's surface. It didn't feel like anything had changed. Therefore, he manifested two more Soul Tears which he used on Extraction and Enhancement before using Extraction with 10 layers of Enhancement to take a sneak-peek at the insides of the Miniature Coffin Keychain. 
 Michael could sense Danny's Living Soul. The mass of energy infused with sentience and lifeforce was clearly noticeable. But something was different. It was merely a slight change but Michael could perceive a subtle difference. The Living Soul was a tiny bit sturdier than it had been the last time Michael felt it. It was not a tremendous improvement, but it was more than enough to give Michael a few ideas on how to use Insert, Extraction, and the Soul Grimoire with Enhancement and the Soul Tears. 
 'If I upgrade Soul Grimoire to 6-Star and strengthen the Living Soul until it's strong enough to overcome the ordeal of having the weakened hex removed should be able to do it much earlier than initially planned. That way the weakened curse won't be able to transform into a Minor Curse anymore either. After thatall I have to do is search for a suitable vessel after I put his Living Soul Inside  without its curse  into my Soul Grimoire.' 
 If that worked out, Michael wouldn't have to upgrade Soul Grimoire to 7-Star. Of course, it would potentially be simpler to upgrade Soul Grimoire to 7-Star, but Michael doubted that he could easily accumulate close to a million SoulStar Fragments. He was pretty sure that it would be another annoying ordeal. 
 His plan, however, was still not as complicated as it could have become. Michael would strengthen Extraction to 7-Star, Soul Grimoire to 6-Star and then integrate thousands of SoulStar Fragments into Danny's Living Soul. He would do that until it was strong enough to survive having Extraction remove the weakened Curse while it was still restrained in the keychain. In the worst case, Michael could upgrade Enhancement and procure a few other Soultraits to aid the extraction as well. That would hardly be an issueor so Michael thought. 
 At the end of the day, Michael's initial plan didn't change a lot. However, he learned a lot and applied his newly acquired knowledge to make specific changes that would potentially help him rescue his brother. Even if he didn't want to acknowledge it, talking to his maternal figure had been a good idea. 
 It was for Danny's sake and thus a sacrifice Michael was willing to make. 
 But now it was about time to ask other questionsquestions that were not related to Danny's Living Soul. It was something he considered asking because Alice advised him to do so. 
 He took a deep breath and felt the hair all over his physique stand up on its end. 
 "I'm curious about something." 
 Evalynn had been focused on Michael's use of a handful of Soultraits for a while. She was baffled and visibly confused. However, hearing her son's voice pulled her back to her senses. 
 "What is it, dear" 
 Michael hesitated, but only for a moment. 
 "Why did you and father abandon us" He inquired and his maternal figure stiffened. 
 "Why did you never ask for forgiveness Why do you act like you care about my well-being all of a sudden" 
 Michael took a deep breath to not let his voice waver as a last question escaped his lips. 
 "You would potentially have never returned to see us if it was not for the issue with Danny's Living Soul, right"
nbsp


Chapter-568-Done


68 Done
Michael tried to ask his question in a neutral tone, but his emotions were not easy to control. They had never been.
However, seeing his mother hesitate and unable to answer his simple questions hurt. It hurt even more than Michael had expected. He knew that his parents abandoned Danny and him, but his mother's silent agreement to his accusations made him feel worse than expected.
Evalynn didn't know how to answer. Did that mean she never thought about them, in the first place, or did she never expect to be asked that question by her sons Why wouldn't she expect that
"Please, answer honestly. It doesn't matter if your answer hurts us" Michael murmured in a voice barely loud enough for his mother to hear.
She swallowed hard and looked to the ground. Her lips quivered but they parted soon. Seeing her reaction, Michael tensed up.
"I never asked for forgiveness because it's selfish. Asking for forgivenesswe don't deserve that," Evalynn answered silently, her quivering voice reverberating through the room.
"It's selfish to ask for forgiveness after doing something you don't regret. We left because Hesta needed us more than you and Danny. You and Danny were safe and sound in the small apartment we'd bought. Most things were taken care of which makes it much easier for you and Danny to survive. Daniel has always been mature, and you were also quite mature for your young age. We believed that you and Danny could take care of yourself better than Hesta. After all, Hesta lost herself. She wreaked havoc and was on the verge of death and surrounded by the C....enemies when we found her."
His mother wanted to say something else instead of 'enemies' but a sudden headache forced her to change her choice of words. Michael noticed that. His Spirit Eyes noticed something as well. A small intricate symbol appeared on Evalynn's forehead the moment she mentioned the 'enemies.' It appeared with the sudden headache and vanished the moment his mother changed her words.
"I do care about your well-being. It's not a sudden change. I have always been worried about you guys. But everything changed once we rescued Hesta. We encountered the Nest and other Cursed User, and ..." Evalynn tried her best to continue but couldn't speak any further. The intricate symbol appeared on her forehead once again. This time, however, it was black and much larger.
Evalynn screamed aloud. Her legs caved in and her hands shot to her head. A burst of energy circulated through her hands and shot toward the intricate symbol which Michael recognized thanks to the memories of the Elite Soldier Tekur, and some of the traitorous Descendants.
"A Geas"
Geas, also known as Marks of the Soul, were special seals that could only be imprinted into someone's soul by a Divine Lifeform. It was similar to a Slave Mark, only that it was less restrictive, but not by much.
A Geas was usually imprinted into the soul of a living being to restrict them from talking about certain topics in every possible way. It was a restriction similar to a Soul Pact. The only issue was that a Geas could never be destroyed. It was a permanent mark on a being's soul. Often enough, beings with a Geas were considered less worthy because their soul had been tarnished.
Michael frowned deeply as he observed his mother with his Spirit Eyes activated and lingering on the black Geas. Something in his head clicked, the dots connecting to form the big picture.
"Tell me what you're allowed to say without triggering the Geas"
Michael was not sure if he felt better after hearing what he heard until now. After all, it meant that his parents did abandon Danniel and him. They prioritized Hesta's well-being over theirs. However, there were also pieces of information his mother wanted to share but couldn't. Maybe, these details were important to understand their reasoning.
He did believe what his mother said, but something was off.
It was never a great feeling to have been abandoned by those who were supposed to love and care for you. It didn't matter whether his mother wanted to return to them after a few years or not. It was not like they should feel nice about that. They had been abandoned and left to face the cruel world from a young age. That was a clear fact. His mother acknowledged that fact, even if she worded it differently.
'We were mature enough to take care of ourselves Hesta needed them Hesta was, quite literally, older than our combined age.'
Hesta was a mature woman, whereas Danny had turned 12 a few weeks prior, and Michael was about to turn 8 when their parents disappeared. They could take care of themselves That's nonsense
Michael sighed but he decided to leave it at that. He told his mother to answer honestly. He did want to hear her honest answer. And that was what he received at last.
"It's the first time since I left that I've been given permission to travel to this part of the galaxy. Without that doubt that I would have ever been allowed to return to see you guys. Soto answer your questiono, I don't think I would have ever managed to return to you guys if it was not for the issue with Danny's Living Soul"
Michael nodded almost absentmindedly. He tilted his head and felt a mix of anger and confusion surfacing from the depths of his body.
First of all, it was quite obvious that his mother was trying to tell him more, but the Geas restricted her. But no matter what his mother was trying to say, the Geas wouldn't restrict her from saying "I'm sorry, I wanted to be there for you guys," or something along those lines.
His mother was trying to make it sound like she had been forced to leave them and that she didn't have a choice. And that her actions were the most logical and that her rational mindset allowed her family to survive as a whole.
While that might contain some truth, it was a fact that his mother didn't even think about apologizing. The words 'I am sorry' never escaped her lips. If that wasn't hurtful already, his mother said that she would never ask for forgiveness. But apologizing for being a bad mother and asking for forgiveness were different things.
Michael was done. He had heard enough.
"Alright. If you have anything else to say, say it now. Ineed time to think"
"If you have any more questionsplease come and find me. I will answer as much as possible," His mother offered instead of saying anything else. She pressed her lips together and continued to look at the ground.
Evalynn took a deep breath, and lifted her head. Her gaze was filled with sudden resolution as she locked eyes with her youngest child, "If you cannot manage to rescue Danny in the next few months, or give me a valid reason to believe that you can actually save Danny without causing a Hellbound Cataclysm, I will have to take him by force."
"Thatsounds fairhanks"
His mother had been given the mission to retrieve Danny' Living Soul to prevent the Hellbound Cataclysm, but she took a step back by giving Michael a chance to rescue his brother. That was more than he could ask for according to her.
The answers he'd received today were not that pleasant, but it could have been much worse. He was hurt, but now that he received some answers to the questions that had tormented his mind for several years, Michael felt like a heavy weight had been lifted off his chest.
His relationship with his mother didn't improve all of a sudden, but he could tell that something had changed. Some of the anger and fury that had been buried deep within his heart had dispersed. It was relieving, if only just a little, however, it was worth a lot.
Michael decided to part ways with his mother. He had a lot to think about, and it was time for him to fill his stomach once again. It had been a few days since he ate something. He was starving to death.
On his way to the cafeteria, Michael met a few unknown Berserkers and Warlock Centaurs. They must have entered the spaceship not too long ago. Their journey back to the Saphirelake Military Academy began a week ago, yet it would take a few more weeks before they would arrive. Their detour was longer than expected.
But it was worth it. The presence of some Berserkers and Warlock Centaurs was intense. They were probably stronger than Thaor, Lokai, and the others.
'Why did they not participate in the Flag War Are they too old, or did they not bother with it'
Michael reached the cafeteria in no time. He filled two metal trays with a wide variety of dishes and headed to one of the tables. Most tables were empty. Only few Awakened would spend their valuable time in the spaceship if they could spend twice as long in the Origin Expanse ruling over their territory.This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.
Even Michael's subordinates would rarely leave the Origin Expanse. After all, the outside world was not as intriguing as the Origin Expanse.
He began to feast on the delicacies in his trays while his eyes were glued to the tempered glass windows. His attention lingered on the twinkling stars in space and the planets nearby.
"I wonder what Danny will say about all of this once he's back."
His brother would love to travel through space. Michael could imagine his brother spending several years with the Berserkers and Warlock Centaurs. Daniel Fang was not the type of person who needed humans. He didn't really care about mankind either. The things he experienced in the past were more than enough to unravel the most disgusting side of mankind.
His mother's return and her honest answers to some of Michael's questions wouldn't improve Daniel's view of humans either. Nonetheless, he was curious what his brother would do. Michael was looking forward to it.
"Michael"
Michael lowered his fork and looked up upon hearing a familiar voice. Kaleb and Lincoln emerged in front of him with a metal tray in their hands.
"Hey," Michael waved at them with a thin smile.
"How have you been" Kaleb asked, his ocean-blue eyes glued on his friend.
"I've decided to join a Regional War, a Native Empire is probably about to attack us soon after a red dragon youngling and his rider wreaked havoc in their lands, and stronger monsters are approaching my territory slowly but steadily," Michael shrugged, "Also talked to my mother before coming over to eat something. Talking with her was informative."
Michael forced himself to chuckle lightly, but instead of elaborating further, he continued to eat.
"That sounds rough. Thaor told me a little bit about your Regional War earlier. He returned from the Origin Expanse to rest for a few minutes outside the range of his enemies just to jump back into the Origin Expanse to wreak havoc. He looked like he was having fun," Kaleb responded, clearly recalling the blood and grime covering Thaor when he emerged in the main hallway of the spaceship without warning.
It had been an entertaining sight.
"Zeke is also having problems with his territory. In fact, I heard that many people have issues nowadays. It's probably war season again, especially in the Sacred Desert," Lincoln joined the conversation.
"I heard a lot about the Sacred Desert's Undead issue. Do you think it's going to be solved soon The Sacred Desert doesn't have many Higher Lifeforms and as far as I know, none of the Higher Lifeforms is a Descendant. They must be struggling against the Undead forces," Michael fell into deep thought.
"I think the higher-ups are considering sending an elite unit to aid the Lords in the Savannah region, but the problem is that no Lord is strong enough to create temporary Links of Loyalty with the Elite Unit's Tier-4 Adventurers. Even the Super Elite Adventurers at the Peak of Tier-3 are too strong for the Tier-4 Lords. The problem is that their Souls haven't been refined
which would have been the case if they were Descendants."
It was common knowledge that Lords couldn't establish Links of Loyalty with beings at a higher Tier. Usually, it was already quite taxing to establish a Link of Loyalty with someone who was only one sub-rank higher than oneself. That meant most ordinary Lords would be struggling to link a Peak Tier-3 Adventurer while being at the Late rank of the 3rd Tier themselves.
But there were also exceptions. Most Descendants whose souls had been refined over and over again could establish Links of Loyalty with Adventurers one rank higher than them. In fact, Michael was certain that he could do the same easily. He had yet to start refining his Soul with special techniques, but given that his Curse tempered his Body, Mind, and Soul since the day he was born, Michael was confident that he didn't lack in comparison.
"What are they going to do then Sending a rescue team that's too weak to handle the Undead forces is suicidal," Michael pointed out, but Lincoln was able only shrug.
"If the higher-ups want to save the Sacred Desert, they'll think of something. In the worst case, they will use Obsidian Transportation Tokens or Teleportation Scrolls. That's an expensive ordeal but if it allows mankind to stay in charge of the Sacred Desert it will be worth it."
Obsidian Transportation Tokens and Teleportation Scrolls were expensive items that rarely dropped, however, their use was simple. Teleportation Scrolls teleported an Awakened to the linked location. The Transportation Tokens did the same. The good thing about these items was that one didn't have to be linked to a Lord to teleport to their location.
That meant Lords and Higher Lifeforms was able come to the Sacred Desert's rescue.
"I doubt that they'll use Obsidian Transportation Tokens. If they do, it would be Platinum, at most. And Lesser Teleportation Scrolls. They wouldn't want a single powerhouse to crush the Undead forces because he, or she, can claim the entire Sacred Desert as hisher territory once the Undeads have been taken care of. The higher-ups aren't willing to give their shares of the Sacred Desert to anyone."
"Furthermore, the Sacred Desert is an Inferior Region. It will be harder for Higher Lifeforms to enter the Sacred Desert. The stronger they are, the higher their restrictions. Using Lesser Teleportation Scrolls to allow weaker powerhouses to rescue the Lords in the Sacred Desert is probably the best solution," Kaleb reasoned, attracting Michael and Lincoln's attention.
The two boys stared blankly at their friend.
lightsnvl "W-what" Kaleb asked in defense, waving his fork at them.
"Nothing. You just seemed way too smart for your own good," Lincoln laughed, "Your sister informed you about this, didn't she"
Kaleb blushed but he didn't say anything. His focus switched over to the food. Michael smiled at his friends and finished his first round. He got up and went back to the cooks to ask for seconds.
Michael did that three times before he was done eating. His stomach was filled to the brim and he was happier than before. The confrontation with his mother was almost forgotten, leaving him in a much better mood.
Since he felt much better, Michael talked a little bit more with Kaleb and Lincoln. They had a lot to talk about since there had been countless interesting events in the Origin Expanse. Simultaneously, Michael prepared a list of items and materials he required for his territory. He'd forgotten to purchase a few things, and it was better to purchase them now when he was able still remember what he had to buy rather than later when his subjects thrashed him for neglecting them.
As he forwarded the item list to KraftViton, Michael concluded something else as well.
He thought that it was time for Kraft Viton to teach him
 Since today's chapter was really really long almost as long as two normal chapters no second chapter will be released. It took me more than twice as long as usual to write this chapter rgh. I hope y'all enjoyed Michael's talk with his mother and the massive influx of information thrown at you
nbsp


Chapter-569-Speedy-Student


lightsnvl 69 Speedy Student
Michael and his friends were sweating profusely. After they ate together, Kaleb proposed to work out together. It had been quite a while since they trained in a group, after all. Michael and Lincoln agreed, not knowing that Kaleb meant to perfect the devilish training session from Silvian Schild.
The three guys were subjected to weird stares as they practiced, but they didn't really care. Performing the exercises introduced by Silvian Schild released some of the stress they'd accumulated over the last few weeks. It elevated their mood to an entire new level.
Kaleb didn't make it obvious, but he was relieved that Michael's stiff expression changed as he neared the end of the devilish training session. He sighed in relief once they were done, glad that his friend was doing much better.
"Do you need help with anything" Kaleb asked after the three sweaty friends went for a shower. Kaleb was drying his azure-
hair, his ocean-blue eyes locked onto Michael.
"I'm fine. Kraft Viton has already received an item list. I'm good to go," Michael shrugged, "He will teach me today. I'm curious how it will go."
He smiled lightly, and was about to leave the training hall's changing room when he heard Lincoln from behind.
"I heard that his students became traitors. Some say that it's a curse, while others say that Kraft Viton attracts all bad apples for students. But that shouldn't be an issue now that he trains you. It's just something I heard. Maybe, the rumors are exaggerated."
'That's why he was reluctant to accept me as his student. It would make sense if his former students are all traitors. That old man is really unlucky.' Michael nodded in understanding.
"Yeah, I will be fine. There is no need to worry about me. As long as the assassination and kidnap attempts stop," Michael chuckled lightly, but Lincoln and Kaleb could only press their lips together.
They acknowledged that it was quite annoying that his own people tried to kidnap him. If that happened too often, they would also turn against their own people. Who would be willing to trust those who broke his trust countless times
The two Descendants sincerely hoped that the kidnap attempts would stop soon.
Michael separated from his friends after the relieving devilish training session and walked over to Kraft Viton's office. Kraft Viton heard him on the floor and threw a small ring in his direction as the door opened.
Michael had to rely on his reflexes to catch the ring, but he smiled faintly as a trace of energy channeled into the spatial ring filled with the items he'd requested less than three hours ago. Not a single item was missing. That was quite fast, even though none of the items he'd requested was highly advanced or incredibly rare.
"Don't be distracted," Kraft Viton tapped his hand on a stash of books he had piled up next to him, a smile creeping up his lips, "I'm pretty sure that you know what you're going to have to do as my student."
This was a little bit different from what Michael expected. He expected to have some practical lessons first to have Kraft Viton determine his combat prowess and adjust his curriculum accordingly. However, Kraft Viton didn't seem to care about that at all.
"You want me to read all of them" Michael pointed at the piles of books. There were at least 200 books, and none of them was thin.
Kraft Viton grinned deviously but he didn't say a word. Michael responded to that with a shrug.
"Give me a few hours and I'll be back" Michael stated, stepping forward while releasing his origin energy to shroud the books in one go.
He stored them inside his War Rune's storage space and opened the Runic Gate in the next moment.
"You just wait"
Michael's declaration resounded through the small office even after he stepped into the Runic Gate. He disappeared, leaving Kraft Viton alone less than two minutes after stepping inside the old man's office.
Kraft Viton, however, continued to smile, "What an impatient rascal."
He chuckled lightly and was about to sit down on his comfortable wooden chair when he received a few notifications.
"Urgh. These pesky bastards are growing stingier as they age. Are they going to bury their old, decayed bodies in their treasure trove, or what" The old man cursed loudly, "If you guys continue like this, we will lose the Sacred Desert. Not that I, particularly, care."
Kraft Viton might have uttered that he doesn't care, but deep down he knew that that was not true. Even after 500 years of hard work, mankind only managed to attain access to no more than three regions in the Origin Expanse. Of course, it was also true that it was not necessary to claim entire regions and rule them on their own, but the benefits of ruling a region were exceptional. The benefits were valuable enough to invest a fortune into protecting the Sacred Desert.
The Barren Lands were about to turn into a permanent spawn point for Human Awakened. Humans who'd manifested their War Rune not too long ago would be given the opportunity to spawn inside the Barren Lands once Humans became the sole rulers. This could be used as an advantage to turn the Barren Lands into the stronghold of mankind's Awakened.
Following that, more Awakened would survive in the Origin Expanse by relying on the Barren Lands' protection, allowing Humans to grow stronger in a more secure environment. Once they had grown stronger, it would be easy to expand their territory outwards, further away from the Barren Lands.
The High Society had been hoping to do the same with the Sacred Desert. They hoped that the Sacred Desert and the Barren Lands would turn into permanent spawn points for new Awakened to expand their area of control into the adjacent regions and include areas with higher energy density in their territory. Those regions had more treasures and more unique monsters that dropped a higher variety of exotic loot.
Those who managed to expand the Human Regions further would be able to earn a fortune, just like Michael did with the Untamed Jungle's unique drops.
But now they were about to lose the Sacred Desert, and High Society's move against the invading Undead forces wasn't decisive. In fact, their move was the opposite of that. Kraft Viton had been worried about that, but he never expected that High Society would vote against his proposal to send the Exterminator.
'Is it necessary for us to intervene before it's too late If they do nothingwe can still do something with our private forces'

Michael came back to the Origin Expanse without delay. He retrieved the stashes of books he'd stored in his War Rune before and opened the first to start reading. Yet, instead of reading like a normal person would do, Michael activated Extraction to extract the Knowledge Wisps contained within the books.This chapter made its debut appearance via N0v3lB1n.
Michael extracted more than 300 Knowledge Wisps within 10 minutes before he was finally done. He reached out to the Knowledge Wisps, used a Soul Tear to amplify Enhancement, and used Enhancement several times on his brain. In the next instant, Michael began consuming the Knowledge Wisps, one after another greedily.
He didn't rush the consumption of the Knowledge Wisps. Instead, Michael spent the next 12 hours digesting the knowledge properly. He reorganized the knowledge in his mind and put it under specific labels. Certain pieces of information were more useful while others were either redundant or felt like duplicates from other books.
It was only fortunate that Michael's mind refinement technique, Ceasurium Menta, had reached a high refinement degree. His high refinement degree made it increasingly easier to digest information and reorganize information. At this point, he could split up information and tag his synapses to recollect certain information better than others. That was incredibly helpful.
By consuming the Knowledge Wisps, Michael learned a lot of theory within half a day. His understanding of territory development, warfare, emotional management, and much more stuff improved. It was only theoretical knowledge that had to be applied a little bit differently in a practical situation, but the Knowledge Wisps included anecdotes from Kraft Viton and various other powerhouses. Their experiences had been carefully noted to teach the younger generation about the mistakes made by the old ones.
There was no need for the youngsters to repeat the mistakes of their elders.
Michael's mood improved tremendously. He learned the theoretical knowledge and various tips and tricks from the best of the best of mankind.
Though he spent 12 hours in the Origin Expanse, only six hours had passed in the outside world.
Michael manifested the Runic Gate once again and stepped out of the Origin Expanse to return to Kraft Viton's office. Just as he came back from the Origin Expanse, Michael saw a Runic Gate manifest in front of him. Kraft Viton had been in the Origin Expanse as well.
"Oh. You're already back. That was a lot faster than I expected," Kraft Viton uttered nonchalantly, "I thought you were exaggerating when you said that you'll return in a few hours."
Michael grinned proudly. He knocked his temple, his smile widening, "I'm pretty good at memorizing stuff."
"That makes everything a lot easier," Kraft Viton bowed in acknowledgment, "Since you're done, can you return the books"
Michael's smile froze.
"You wanted them back" He nearly stuttered 'I should have asked'
"It's better if you return them, yes. They weren't easy to create. I worked together with my old friends to write the best guides for our students."
Michael's lips parted but closed at the next moment.
"That might be a bit difficult" He revealed in all honesty, "I might have extracted the knowledge to consume it instantly."
Michael retrieved the stashes of books. The only issue was that they were empty. Not a single word was written on any of the thick tomes that were now reduced to mere cardboards.
"Sorry~"
nbsp


Chapter-570-Techniques,-Techniques-&amp;-more-Techniques


70 Techniques, Techniques amp more Techniques
Escaping Kraft Viton's wrath was not as difficult as Michael expected. There was no reason for the old man to be angry, in the first place.This chapter was first shared on the vln platform.
Michael might have destroyed the hard work of his old colleagues, but it was not an irreversible damage. Kraft Viton told Michael to write down everything again, or to copy his memories of the knowledge he'd acquired from digesting the Knowledge Wisps into Memory Crystals.
That was how Michael could keep the knowledge with himself and duplicate everything into Memory Crystals with ease as well.
It was a good thing that Kraft Viton was not angry. Michael wouldn't want to betray the old man's trust even before they started their training for real.
"I want to teach you a bit more, but I'm a little busy teaching the High Society a lesson. You must have heard about the Sacred Desert's Undead problem. I'm trying something, which will keep me busy for a while. I hope you don't mind," Kraft Viton cast a troubled look at Michael.
"That's perfectly fine. There is no need for you to break your back to train me. I can use my time differently as well," Michael reassured him that everything was fine, "But it's funny that we can never find a day and time to start the training for real. The books were insightful but I believe that your teachings will be even more helpful."
Michael thought about the Sacred Desert and looked troubled, "How bad is the situation in the Sacred Desert If you need any help, I can give you a helping hand. I don't want mankind to lose control of the Sacred Desert. My brother waskilled in the Sacred Desert, and I have a bad feeling that the Undead forces were somehow related to his deathother than someone related to the Zan household scheming against my brother, of course."
It was the first time Michael told Kraft Viton about his brother's death and the few pieces of information he'd gathered until now. However, the old man didn't seem to be surprised.
"I will take that into consideration. But aren't you busy dealing with your territory I doubt that you have enough time to wage war against the Undead."
The corners of Michael's lip curled upward, "Of course, I would be asking for something. I'm still lacking an Intermediate Summoning Core to upgrade my Summoning Gate to the Intermediate rank. It's a shame that nobody exchanged one of their Intermediate Summoning Cores in the Soultrait Symbol Auction."
Michael chuckled lightly, "Either way, I can give you a helping hand. In the worst case, I'll return to my territory with one of the Silver Tokens of Transportation. Lords can use it to return to their territory as well, after all."
Kraft Viton stared at Michael for a second or two, a glimmer of something flashing through his eyes, "Right. We can send Lords over there. A simple contract is all it takes to pay them generously to fight the Undead. They can return with a cheap Silver Token of Transportation."
"Like I said, I only need an Intermediate Summoning Core. And I wouldn't sign a contract that forces me to return to my territory once the Undead forces have been exterminated. I want to research the causes of my brother's death thoroughly."
Kraft Viton didn't pay any more attention to Michael, causing the youthful Lord to grin. Usually, he was the absentminded person in a discussion.
"I will return to the Origin Expanse. You can use the Superior Communication Charm to inform me when you need me. I'll leave the Origin Expanse and we can talk," Michael retrieved one of the few Superior Communication Charms he'd procured not too long ago.
They were rather simple. While it was not possible to communicate over a distance of millions of kilometers, it was possible to trigger the effect of the linked Communication Charms. All one had to do was channel a bit of energy into one of the Communication Charms to inform the person with the linked Communication Charm that someone wanted to talk to them.
It was unfortunate, but Michael hadn't managed to convince the Forest Elven Elders to sell him their Apex Communication Devices. They allowed the Forest Elven Elders to communicate easily no matter how vast the distance between the caller and the recipient. The only issue was the increasing power consumption. The farther the recipient, the more energy would be consumed per second.
"That's a good idea. Your insights are pretty good as well. Don't get hurt, and enjoy your life a little bit more. There is no point in stressing about things you cannot change," Kraft Viton advised Michael.
"Good luck with your lecture. Teach the High Society a good lesson. I want to see them suffer a bit," Michael joked, manifesting the Runic Gate once again to return to the Origin Expanse.
'Will he ask me for help What if he does Dealing with the Undead shouldn't be too hard with my strength, but will I be able to find out more about Danny's death'
Michael scratched the back of his head after he emerged on the other side of the Runic Gate. He reappeared in the wooden manor, and decided to do something useful, such as sorting out the techniques he'd obtained over the last few weeks.
It was about time that he upgraded his Breathing Technique, Body Refinement technique, Mind Refinement technique, and that he started practicing his first Soul Technique and Core technique to reinforce his Pillar of Light properly.  
He already had a pretty good Mind Refinement technique, but Ceasurium Menta was not considered one of mankind's Apex-
rank techniques. In the first place, apex-rank techniques from the human race were equivalent to some of the better Common Class Techniques Michael had procured from traitorous Descendants and the Tekur.
 That meant he had to study the Tekur's techniques to see if he could use them given the difference in their races' anatomies, and if the traitorous Descendants' techniques were dangerous.
Michael was not sure if the Supreme Human Alliance had manipulated the minds of the traitorous Descendants by altering the techniques they had gifted to the traitors for betraying their own kind. It wouldn't surprise Michael if some of the techniques had some nasty alterations that messed with the mind.
One way or another, Michael had various tomes and scrolls to extract. He could learn a lot from the techniques, including the creation method used to produce Legacy Arts and Inheritance Techniques.
He retrieved all techniques he'd accumulated over the last few months and extracted their Knowledge Wisps. The content written down in the books dispersed, forming the Knowledge Wisps that landed in Michael's palm.
He consumed the Knowledge Wisps one after another while applying several layers of Enhancement on his brain. Contrary to the theoretical knowledge he'd procured from the massive number of books Kraft Viton had given to him, Michael learned a lot more practical knowledge, advice, tips and tricks, and improved his comprehensive understanding from the techniques' Knowledge Wisps.
His understanding of each technique improved significantly. But that was not all. The memories of the techniques' former owners resurfaced in his mind. The experiences of the technique users merged with the comprehensive understanding of the techniques, further deepening his mastery.
He didn't steal all techniques from the Awakened he'd killed. Instead, most rare techniques entered his pockets, thanks to the Soultrait Symbol Auction. It had been very useful and an easy way to procure Superior ranked, and Apex ranked techniques from the elderly powerhouses of the Human, Berserker, and Warlock Centaur races.
Interestingly enough, the mind refinement techniques and the breathing techniques of the Warlock Centaurs were much better than the equivalent received from the old human powerhouses. Michael didn't expect it, but it was certainly a great gain.
"I should replace all my elderly techniques, but what perform I want to focus on"
Each technique had specific characteristics they focused on. Combining techniques wildly without paying attention to their forte could lead to complications. Furthermore, Michael should have to alter some techniques to use them. The biggest issue was the body-refinement technique. He procured some useful techniques from the Tekur and Berserkers, but he was not certain which one to use.
The Berserkers' body refinement techniques were incredible. Their potency was on par with a peak-quality Common Class Body Refinement technique. However, their techniques were tailormade for a bulky body with high endurance and strength. Michael didn't like that. Until now, he had been more focused on power bursts and agility. His body's resilience was also not that bad thanks to Superior Constitution, but that didn't mean he had to focus on further strengthening his endurance.
Michael spent the next two days altering some techniques before testing them out. His initial tests failed miserably, forcing him to ask Rebecca to help him out with her Soultrait and Inheritance Technique. She pointed out the mistakes in the techniques, the domino effect caused by the changes he made, and potential risks.
Rebecca's help was incredible. Without her, Michael should have been injured hundreds of times and he would have been sitting in confusion for several weeks before finally coming to a conclusion.
He finally knew what techniques he wanted to practice, and he had already adjusted all of them to fit him. They were customized to suit him perfectly
reathing Technique  Breath of the Underworld
ore Technique  Primordial Pillar
oul Technique  Sanctum of Life
ody Refinement  Consirat of War
ind Refinement  Wisdom Breaker
nergy Circulation  Leviathan Diffusionpgraded
nergy Absorption  Pantheon's Dawn
nbsp


Chapter-571-Triple-Trouble


 

 71 Triple Trouble 
 A silent week passed quickly in which no untoward incident occurred. Michael had been focused on his new techniques to gain a higher mastery, while simultaneously re-refining his Mind and Body. 
 Since his Mind and Body had already been refined to a higher degree, it didn't consume too much of his precious time to completely re-refine his physique and mind to the Peak of the 2nd Tier. Following that, Michael practiced Sanctum of Life to refine his Soul and Primordial Pillar to conjure supporting structures around the Pillar of Light. 
 Michael consumed far more Energy Stones in a single week than he'd been willing to use last year. The energy consumption of the techniques was tremendous, but the results were equally great. It was certainly worth using so many Energy Crystals and Intermediate Nutrient Pills to accelerate his progress. 
 After the week of silence passed, the situation all around his territory had changed considerably. The dangers posed by the Zentika Empire increased. According to the scouts sent into the Zentika Empire, the Empire's citizens were displeased with the Zentika Empire's council. Their morale was low and a civil war was not far away. The revolutionary forces hiding within the Zentika Empire spread rumors all while preparing for the final strike against the Zentika Empire's Council. 
 However, the rumors dispersed swiftly. The Native Empire used their connections to procure expensive materials from outside the Origin Expanse to make up for their farmers' losses. Taros and his Red Dragon disappeared after destroying most farms in the Zentika Empire. This resulted in a severe lack of food, which was resolved temporarily with goods from the outside world. 
 The long term solution was to reconstruct the farms and to expand the empire's range of authority into the Untamed Jungle. The monster population of the Untamed Jungle was incredibly high, and it was a high energy dense area. Reconstructing the farms near or within the Untamed Jungle would grant various benefits to their crop. 
 Invading the Untamed Jungle turned into one of the council's campaigns to soothe the population's anger and to show their people that their military prowess was still high and mighty. 
 Micheal had to control himself to avoid bursting out laughing like a crazy maniac when the first scouts returned to report their finds. They said that some of the Zentika Empire's forces had set up a camp near the Untamed Jungle's border. However, instead of choosing the direct path that led straight into the Untamed Jungle, the forces took a detour. 
 They set up the camp on the northernmost border to the Untamed Jungle to avoid the outer ring that had been bombarded with Chaos Pills a year ago. 
 un Demos Michael reached out through his mind using the taming bond, ome to me and pick up some Scouts and Archers to observe the Zentika Empire's camp. Allow them to enter the Untamed Jungle and hunt some monsters. Strike the monsters from behind when they expect it the least, but don't kill too many at once. Don't overdo it, otherwise, they will move out with larger groups, which will make it more difficult to hunt them down inconspicuously. 
 Michael had been preparing a bunch of weapons for the Immortal Knight and his people in the Savannah Region, but Sun Demos could make use of them as well. He retrieved the Spirit Armaments ordered from the Relic of Draka to hand them over to the Savannah Region's expedition and transferred a few Overcharged Elemental Crystals into a small pouch. 
 The pouch had been sealed to prevent any energy fluctuations from escaping. That was necessary to prevent the Overcharged Elemental Crystals from exploding. He handed them to one of the Scouts and gave precise orders. 
 "Channeling a trace of vitality into the Overcharged Energy Crystals is enough to trigger the countdown. Install the crystals in the camp, whenever you can. Do it either close to the most crowded areas where all tents are located, or close to the center where most magical devices have been installed. Once you trigger one of the Overcharged Energy Crystals, you have to run away, or you will die 30 seconds later. I didn't have enough time to experiment with the explosion's radius, but since we're using low-quality Energy Crystals, it shouldn't be too big." 
 The Scout could only nod weakly. His hands trembled as he accepted the pouch filled with Overcharged Elemental Crystals. 
 It didn't take long before Sun Demos and a small unit of his Blood Oath Demon Monkeys arrived in the domain center to pick up a few dozen Archers and Scouts to carry them to the northernmost borderline between the Untamed Jungle and the Zentika Empire. 
 The Legendary Summon, Tatjana, decided to join Sun Demos' group as well. She was curious about Michael's tamed monster and the characteristics of the Blood Oath Demon Monkeys. They intrigued her, and it was not like she was overly busy right now. Tatjana hadn't been assigned a proper task just yet. But to keep herself occupied, she taught the other tamers about the taming techniques and principles that she had been taught in the past. 
 "The Zentika Empire could turn into a problem if the Savannah Region's expedition fails, My Lord" One of the older attendants standing next to Michael mentioned. 
 "I know, but we will be fine," He responded while tapping one of the Spirit Armaments created by the Relic of Draka. 
 Michael had been preparing a few simple Spirit Weapons for a while now. His initial plan had been to sell them in the Jungle Shop, but it didn't seem like a bad plan to start loaning out weapons and armaments. The Immortal Knight and other powerful Summons would do fairly well with the external enhancements provided by Spirit Armaments. Their combat prowess would increase considerably. 
 Michael called for another Scout, whom he gave three pouches filled with Overcharged Emerald Crystals and a small spatial satchel filled with the Spirit Armaments and some other goods he'd created with the intention to support Immortal Knight and the Savannah Expedition. 
 Combining the Overcharged Elemental Crystals with Zeroa's spatial affinity and Stinger's unique perk, it should be feasible to bombard a few settlements with a lethal attack. 
 Michael wanted to help the Savannah Expedition further but he figured that his current position was the most helpful. If something happened to his left, he could use Icarus to help the Savannah Expedition swiftly. The same was possible if Sun Demos and his Demon Monkeys were to fail their mission. Michael could reach them in no time to help out. 
 That wouldn't be possible if he joined the Savannah Expedition. Last but not least, the monster population in the Untamed Jungle kept increasing. Facing enemies from three sides didn't allow Michael to make any big moves. 
 The only help Michael could provide to the Immortal Knight was a bunch of resources, Spirit Armaments, and as many pieces of information as possible. The information included more details about his people's personality, the Awakened's Soultraits, strengths and weak points, and the true extent of Stinger and Zeroa's power. 
 "My Lord" A flustered voice reverberated through the domain center when Michael was just about to return to his room to continue practicing his new techniques. 
 He turned to the source of the voice and raised an eyebrow. A young Summon, a teenager, who had been killed too early for his own good, rushed toward him. 
 "We noticed something unusual on the Pillar of Territorial Awareness" The teenager blurted out, his voice filled with confusion and a trace of fear. 
 "Take a few deep breaths to calm down. Tell me what you have noticed," Michael spoke calmingly to the young boy, whose chest heaved up and down heavily. 
 "There arered dotsnorthwest of the jungle's outer ring 
 dozens of them. They are heading toward the settlement of the Trilance, in the direction of the settlement that is connected to the Untamed Jungle." 
 Michael tensed up instantly. He stared intently at the young teenager and gave him a curt nod. 
 "Thanks. I will take over from here." 
 Michael circulated origin energy through his lower body and exerted his physical strength to the fullest to kick the ground and dash toward the Greater Nature Spirit. He saw the Pillar of Territorial Awareness from far away, including the red dots that were rapidly approaching the border settlement of the Zynur Lord. 
 'Sun Demos and his people are already moving to the east, and the Savannah Expedition won't be able to do anything even if I warn them now. They must be in a fight right now.' 
 The timing was impeccable. It was too good to be true. The appearance of the red dots was not a coincidence. 
 'Interesting.' 
 Without wasting time, Michael manifested the Legendary Ring Artifact and the Spirit Armor Set. He utilized Enhancement on his lower body and jumped on top of the Greater Nature Spirit to cross over to the nearest canopy bridge network. Once he reached the canopy bridge, Michael's movements accelerated. N0v3lRealm was the platform where this chapter was initially revealed on N0v3l.B1n.
 He turned into a flash and disappeared. It took only a few seconds to leave the safety of his domain and only a minute before he reached the end of the canopy bridge network. He jumped across the railing and landed smoothly on the closest branch. Michael kept jumping from one branch to another whereas his eyes traveled to the faraway location of the Zynur Lord's border settlement. 
 He activated Spirit Eyes to see the vitality variability through other objects. It was hard to see through the high energy dense air and the energy conducive trees that were filled with lifeforce and purified origin energy, but Michael managed to make out some details. 
 The reinforcement of the Council of Xylon had invaded the Untamed Jungle.
nbsp